T Andrew McCarthy: Coronavirus takes precedence for Congress but FISA awaits action
T The IOC said Thursday it is “not aware of any link” between an Olympic boxing tournament it oversaw in London this month and positive coronavirus tests for people who were there.
T Cheesecake Factory claims it can't pay April rent because of coronavirus pandemic.
T House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Thursday claimed that Democrats “won the day” in obtaining what they wanted from the Senate’s $2.2 trillion coronavirus response stimulus package, while hinting at other items she would like to see included in a forthcoming bill.
T Protesters on the Mexican side of a border crossing with Arizona blocked southbound lanes Wednesday demanding the Mexican government require health screening for travelers entering Mexico from the United States to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
T NBC Universal CEO Jeff Shell tested positive for coronavirus.
T Florida restaurant diner leaves $10K tip to help employees during coronavirus outbreak
T Americans must support their first responders at the forefront of the war with coronavirus (COVID-19), First Responders Children Foundation's President Jillian Crane urged Thursday.
T South Korea adopts 'no-tolerance' coronavirus quarantine policy, violators risk deportation, jail
T Amid the uptick of coronavirus cases in Louisiana, former Louisiana Health Department Secretary Rebekah Gee told Fox News on Thursday that the Pelican State’s medical facilities need immediate support.
T Rob Reiner took to Twitter to accuse President Donald Trump of causing people in New York to die amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. 
T Chicago cracks down over coronavirus, tells residents don’t go on long runs or bike rides
T Maria Bartiromo on jobless claims spiking to record-high as coronavirus shuts down economy
T Zachery Bryan: Coronavirus hits Hollywood's hardworking families, too – don't judge them by clueless celebs. During a recent conversation with a longtime friend who works in the entertainment industry, she expressed concern that if the coronavirus shutdown goes on too long, they won’t be able to make their monthly housing payment. 
T McDonald's reducing menu, eliminating all-day breakfast during coronavirus outbreak.
T UFC President Dana White emphatically refuted reports that the company was laying off workers in the middle of the coronavirus pandemic on Wednesday.
T Jo-Ann craft stores are giving away free kits to make face masks, gowns.
T A Missouri man who was plotting to bomb a hospital was killed in a shooting this week after he “decided to accelerate his plan” due to the coronavirus pandemic, federal authorities said Wednesday.
T An Alabama resident who tested positive for the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, has died, according to the state’s health department. 
T New Orleans emerging as major coronavirus outbreak epicenter. COVID-19 infections spike in Louisiana.
T Denver Broncos general manager and team president John Elway joined calls for the NFL to postpone the draft because the coronavirus pandemic has made it difficult for teams that need more time to better vet their prospects. 
T A provision in the $2 trillion coronavirus response package that Republican senators had warned could fuel layoffs looks likely to remain in the text -- after an 11th-hour effort to remove it in the Senate was shot down.
T Washington bans recreational fishing, shellfishing to slow coronavirus spread.
T President at First Responders Children's Foundation, Jillian Crane, discusses how the benefit special will pay tribute to health care workers on the front lines working to treat COVID-19 patients; ‘FOX Presents the iHeart Living Room Concert for America’ will air on Sunday at 9 p.m. ET.
T Dr. Siegel says some 'mathematical modeling' about coronavirus is spreading panic
T The Senate on Wednesday passed an unprecedented $2 trillion stimulus package to provide health care and economic aid amid the coronavirus outbreak and national shutdown of American daily life.
T Hertz offering free car rentals to health care workers in New York City.
T US Navy ship headed to Los Angeles for coronavirus relief: Here's a look inside
T Three American couples that arrived in India earlier this month to finalize long-awaited adoptions are now suddenly stuck in the country until at least April 15 because of the newly implemented national coronavirus lockdown.
T LeBron James, foundation feed over 300 students at I Promise School for Taco Tuesday amid coronavirus outbreak
T Sports leagues across the globe have suspended their seasons in response to the COVID-19 outbreak.
T Rep. Dan Kildee: Senate’s bipartisan COVID-19 bill will support families through crisis
T Arizona pizzeria gets $2,000 from anonymous customer, owner uses it to pay staff's most urgent bills.
T Dyson, famous for its high-end vacuum cleaners and other domestic appliances, is applying its expertise to build ventilators for coronavirus patients.
T Hilaria and Alec Baldwin revealed that they don’t discuss the coronavirus around their three children in an effort to avoid “contaminating them with fear.” 
T NY becomes first state to test plasma treatment for COVID-19
T Peter Navarro: White House working with FEMA, HHS to ensure health care workers receive protective gear.
T Coronavirus package has $400 million to help states beef up mail-in voting. The funds would assist states as they expand voting by mail, early voting, online registration and make in-person voting safer for all. 
T The Pentagon said Thursday cases of the novel coronavirus have quadrupled in the U.S. military since last week, with more than 280 service members now infected around the world.
T Angelina Jolie’s son has returned to the United States after his semester at college was canceled due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. 
T Harvey Weinstein is 'feeling well' after coronavirus diagnosis, struggling with life in prison
T Coronavirus cuts: Airlines slash snacks, drinks and middle seats during pandemic. Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines are all making changes.
T Doctors in distress, quarantine send SOS for more protective gear, tests: 'It’s a complete mess'. Frontline health care providers around the country are sounding alarm bells about the lack of protective gear and lack of rapid response testing -- and some are even doing so from quarantine.
T The Department of Health and Human Services on Thursday implemented President Trump’s executive order to prevent the hoarding of certain health and medical resources necessary to respond to the coronavirus outbreak.
T Italy’s coronavirus cases slow for fourth day in a row – but Spain’s death toll jumps past 4,000.
T Texas Congressman Michael McCaul, Republican member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, reacts to the shortage of medical supplies for nurses and doctors amid the coronavirus outbreak. He says front-line health care workers are biggest priority in $2T relief bill.
T Meghan Markle has forbidden Prince Harry from traveling amid the coronavirus pandemic, including a trip overseas to see his father Prince Charles, who tested positive for COVID-19.
T France has turned a high-speed train into an intensive care unit to evacuate citizens infected with the coronavirus from overwhelmed hospitals in the outbreak’s epicenter in the northeastern region, an innovation the government has called a “first in Europe.”
T House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Thursday that he believes the House of Representatives will pass the over $2 trillion emergency stimulus bill which made it through the Senate hurdle Wednesday night.
T Alyssa Milano is calling on President Donald Trump to convert his hotels in the United States to hospitals to help sick people during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
T Homeless man in Las Vegas tests positive for coronavirus, was in facilities while symptomatic: officials.
T Detroit Pistons forward Christian Wood has made a full recovery from the coronavirus.
T The final version of the Senate’s coronavirus stimulus package left out billions of dollars that had been planned for the Department of Energy to go toward replenishing the nation’s Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
T New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton said in a radio interview Wednesday he was “cleared” and “doing well” a week after he announced he had contracted the coronavirus.
T Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande send donations to fans affected by coronavirus. Two of the world's biggest pop stars are giving back to their fans as the coronavirus pandemic has left many out of work and without paychecks.
T Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot is warning residents not to go on long runs or bike rides in the city’s latest effort to crack down over the spread of coronavirus in the city, even cautioning that residents could be arrested should they break the rules. 
T Senate coronavirus bill includes union protection measure. Businesses with between 500 and 10,000 employees that accept loans to tide them over until the pandemic abates will not be allowed to get rid of any collective bargaining agreement that they already have and will be barred from taking sides on any efforts by their employees to unionize. 
T An agent for Minnesota Timberwolves star Karl-Anthony Towns on Wednesday gave a promising update on the center’s father, Karl Towns Sr., who was diagnosed with coronavirus.
T 2 Costa cruise ships heading toward Florida with dozens of sick crew members on board.
T As the coronavirus pandemic continues to worsen around the globe and the need for ventilators intensifies, Tesla and SpaceX Elon Musk said his companies "will do anything in our power" to help New Yorkers.
T More than 200 U.S. Army soldiers are deploying in New York Thursday to provide a “full range of health care services” to the state fighting the most coronavirus cases in the country. 
T New York’s Elmhurst Hospital at coronavirus breaking point as 13 patients die in 24-hour span
T Dr. Anjali Bharati, an emergency medicine physician at Northwell Health in New York City, said on “Fox & Friends” on Thursday that the volume of emergency cases related to the novel coronavirus has “definitely gone down” this week, however, the severity of the symptoms has “really kicked up a notch.”
T Both Iowa and the U.S. State Department are working desperately to help Americans stuck abroad amid coronavirus-related border closures come home, Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said Thursday.
T Prince Charles is 'enormously grateful' for the kind messages he's received following his coronavirus diagnosis, his office confirmed.
T As the COVID-19 pandemic is forcing Americans to shelter at home amid an election year, the government is ready to help states beef up mail-in voting with additional funds. Check out how the coronavirus stimulus package is set to make voting safer for all.
T The $2 trillion spending package to boost the economy in response to the coronavirus crisis includes a $350 million pot of money for “Migration and Refugee Assistance” -- the latest item in the legislative behemoth that is angering critics.
T American Red Cross staff members express concern over lack of surgical masks for staff, volunteers and donors.
T As the world struggles to contain the coronavirus outbreak, experts are harnessing 3-D printing technology in an effort to make in-demand items, such as components for masks and face shields.
T With Amazon under fire for allegedly unsafe conditions in its distribution centers and warehouses in the U.S. and Europe, another worker at the Jeff Bezos-led company has tested positive for coronavirus.
T WNBA draft will be virtual event this season due to pandemic
T Former Vice President Joe Biden wants Americans to know how he’d implement the massive $2 trillion coronavirus package to jumpstart the economy if he were in the White House.
T US needs to be prepared for second wave of coronavirus outbreak, Dr. Fauci warns
T The IOC said Thursday it is “not aware of any link” between an Olympic boxing tournament it oversaw in London this month and positive coronavirus tests for people who were there.
T A pastor in Pennsylvania apologized to his community after keeping his church's doors open Sunday amid coronavirus concerns and being flooded with "hateful comments."
T Google sees 350 percent increase in phishing websites during COVID-19 pandemic, report reveals
T Restaurant owners in the New York City borough of Brooklyn – which has one of the highest concentrations of coronavirus cases in the U.S. -- tell Fox News they are now scrambling to keep their businesses afloat as bills are mounting and sales are plummeting during the outbreak.
T Ford aiming to restart truck production on April 14 after coronavirus-related closures
T Idris Elba gives coronavirus health update, says he and wife still not experiencing any symptoms
T Rita Wilson says she's 'feeling good, still in quarantine' 2 weeks after testing positive for coronavirus. Tom Hanks' wife has provided a health update two weeks after testing positive for the coronavirus.
T Texas included abortion among unnecessary medical procedures it ordered stopped to conserve medical resources during the coronavirus pandemic.
T The NHL announced Wednesday it postponed three events slated for June because of the growing uncertainty around the impact the coronavirus will have on the league.
T Real Madrid star Luka Jovic is facing jail time for breaking coronavirus quarantine in Spain to see his pregnant girlfriend last week in Serbia.
T NY emergency doctor says patients' COVID-19 symptoms are slowly growing more severe
T Life Time Fitness CEO Bahram Akradi said Wednesday his company will be forced to furlough almost all of its workforce if Congress doesn't act and President Trump is unable to set an "end date" for the economic shutdown caused by coronavirus.
T Conor McGregor makes generous purchase to help Irish hospitals fighting coronavirus
T Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred expressed optimism about a return date Wednesday – one day before Opening Day was set to begin but was delayed because of the coronavirus outbreak.
T Co-owner of Bendt Distilling Company Natasha DeHart has shifted her whiskey distillery’s production to combat the coronavirus by helping her Dallas County community to produce and provide free hand sanitizer to local law enforcement, hospitals and first responders.
T New Jersey restaurant owner takes out $50K loan to pay employees during coronavirus crisis
T People in U.S. who intentionally spread coronavirus could face criminal charges
T Leaders of the world's most powerful economies will convene virtually on Thursday to try and coordinate a response to the fast-spreading coronavirus, which has shuttered businesses and forced well over a quarter of the world's population into home isolation.
T FISA court delays deadline for DOJ's proposed reforms amid coronavirus
T Texas female distillery founder provides much-needed hand sanitizer to first responders.
T 2020 Indy 500 postponed from May to August due to coronavirus crisis
T CEO of Sanguine Biosciences Brian Neman joins Trace Gallagher to discuss how phlebotomists have stepped in to help with COVID-19 research in select cities.
T Former Advisor to Lady Thatcher Nile Gardiner joins Trace Gallagher to discuss how the United Kingdom has handled the coronavirus.
T International Lawyer David Tarfuri joins Trace Gallagher to discuss India's decision to lockdown for 21 days amid coronavirus pandemic.
T Sen. Steve Daines, State Dept facilitate last-minute escapes for citizens trapped abroad amid coronavirus pandemic
T Federal agents on Wednesday arrested a Southern California man who allegedly claimed to have a cure for the coronavirus and was selling the fake antidote using Earvin “Magic” Johnson’s name as a ruse to lure investors.
T Los Angeles' historic and exclusive Chateau Marmont has reportedly laid off almost all of its employees as the coronavirus pandemic has forced occupancy rates to lower than 30 percent in Southern California.
T The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) suspended its enforcement of a variety of environmental laws on Thursday, saying that industries could have trouble complying with them due to the coronavirus pandemic.T 
T Singapore has begun penalizing people who refused to adhere to social distancing in the latest bid to curb the virus.
T Coronavirus in the heartland: 34 people test positive after church event in Arkansas
T Kim Kardashian is spending her coronavirus quarantine time thumbing through old snaps of herself on getaways, and wishing she was on vacation.
T Gov. Gretchen Whitmer's Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs warns that prescribing hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine for treatment of COVID-19 'without further proof of efficacy' may be investigated for administrative action; reaction from Dr. Jeff Colyer, former Kansas governor.
T R. Kelly asked to be freed from a federal jail on Thursday, citing coronavirus concerns as the reason for his release.
T The Department of Homeland Security announced Thursday it would be delaying the deadline for Americans to apply and receive a REAL ID-- a driver's license with a gold star in the top right corner-- due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
T Italian engineers help coronavirus patients by harnessing snorkel masks for CPAP machines
T A custodian with the New York Police Department died Thursday from the coronavirus, the nation's largest police agency said.
T Hilarie Burton says she's been sewing masks for health care workers, encourages fans to do the same
T Tom Hanks, 63, one of America's most iconic actors revealed that he tested positive for coronavirus while in Australia to film a movie. Since then, he's offered fans several updates on his condition, assuring fans that he's well taken care of and urging them to be diligent and proactive.
T Rita Wilson, 63, the wife of Hanks, also fell ill with her hubby down under. She seems to be in good spirits, however, as she shared her playlist that she's been listening to while in quarantine, which includes Billy Idol’s “Dancing with Myself,” the Bee Gees' “Night Fever,” MC Hammer’s “U Can’t Touch This” and more.
T Idris Elba announced on Monday that he tested positive for coronavirus despite being asymptomatic. Since then, the 47-year-old actor has updated his fans, saying that he's "feeling OK," and urging followers to take care of themselves.
T Known for his role in "Game of Thrones," Kristofer Hivju, 41, told the world about his COVID-19 diagnosis on Monday. In his Instagram post, he explained that he's in "good health" and asked fans to "be careful, wash your hands" and maintain the proper distance between themselves and others.
T "Quantum of Solace" Bond girl Olga Kurylenko, 40, recently announced that she tested positive for the novel virus. The actress explained that she was denied a hospital bed because the facility was full amid the crisis.
T Hollywood newcomer Rachel Matthews, 26, revealed that she's among those suffering from coronavirus. In an attempt to help others identify the virus, the "Frozen II" actress shared a timeline of her symptoms, saying that things started with a "sore throat, fatigue and headache," before having a fever, body aches and a "deep, dry cough."
T Daniel Dae Kim, 51, announced on Thursday that he has tested positive for COVID-19. Kim said that he received a test after experiencing a scratchy throat. He also said that he’s willing to donate antibodies to find a vaccine.
T Singer-songwriter Charlotte Lawrence, 19, said on March 17 that she had contracted the virus. In her Instagram announcement, Lawrence asked her fans "to protect those less able to survive this virus."
T The former "Bachelor" star, 28, revealed he tested positive for COVID-19 in a post on social media. “I want to let you guys know: I’m 28, I consider myself pretty healthy, I work out regularly, I eat healthy, and I became symptomatic a few days ago, got my test results back today, and they are positive,” he said in an Instagram video on Friday, “It’s been kicking my ass, just to put it pretty bluntly,” Underwood added. “The main thing is I can’t even walk up a flight of stairs without being out of breath or go to the bathroom without having to sit down because I’m exhausted.”
T The late-night host and Bravo's leading man, 51, revealed he tested positive for coronavirus on Friday. "After a few days of self-quarantine, and not feeling great, I have tested positive for Coronavirus," he wrote on social media. "As much as I felt like I could push through whatever I was feeling to do #WWHL from home, we’re putting a pin in that for now so I can focus on getting better.  I want to thank all the medical professionals who are working tirelessly for all of us, and urge everybody to stay home and take care of themselves."
T The actress, 55, announced that she has contracted coronavirus. In an Instagram post, Mazar revealed that she'd experienced similar symptoms to those brought about by the coronavirus in weeks past before coming down with them again. After a brief struggle to obtain a test, Mazar found that she had contracted the virus.
T Bon Jovi keyboardist has contracted coronavirus as well. The 59-year-old musician made the announcement on Instagram, noting that he's "feeling better each day." He also urged his followers to remain calm, explaining that worse sicknesses have spread across the globe in the past.
T Opera sensation Plácido Domingo recently informed fans that he's tested positive for the virus. Domingo, 79, said on Facebook that announcing his diagnosis was his "moral duty" and assured fans that he and his family, all in quarantine, are in "good health."
T A model and former Miss Hawaii, Jeanné Kapela, 25, announced on Facebook that she has tested positive for the novel virus. Kapela's post contained a direct message to Harry Kim, mayor of Hawaii's Big Island: “I call upon Big Island Mayor Harry Kim to enact stronger measures to protect our island from coronavirus. It is imperative that our mayor implements a mandatory 15-day shelter-in-place order four [sic] our county and prohibit all nonessential travel to and from the Big Island. "Additionally, our state should close all schools indefinitely to protect teachers and our keiki, while quickly instituting a two-week quarantine for all travelers entering the islands.”
T Known best for appearing in "The Young and the Restless," Greg Rikaart, 43, announced his diagnosis on Instagram. He said in his post that despite being in relatively good health, his experience fighting coronavirus "has been the hardest experience of my life." He also revealed that he also developed pneumonia, but that he's now "turned the proverbial corner," and is healing.
T Star of stage and screen Laura Bell Bundy, 38, has also announced that she's contracted coronavirus. In her Instagram announcement, Bundy said that her symptoms have been "minor," which she credits to "taking care of" herself by taking nutritional supplements and herbs prescribed to her by doctors. She also urged her followers to "stay inside" to avoid furthering the outbreak.
T Rapper Scarface -- real name Brad Jordan -- has revealed that he tested positive for coronavirus. The musician made the announcement on his former bandmate's YouTube channel, saying the last few weeks have "been an ordeal."
T Gwen Stefani is helping Blake Shelton out with his mullet, which he's growing out as a "symbol of hope" during the coronavirus quarantine.
T The coronavirus pandemic has forced Florida racing tracks to close, and 1,500 greyhounds are now looking for homes.
T The number of Americans filing for unemployment surged to 3.3 million, shattering a decades-old record in jobless claims amid the coronavirus pandemic; Fox News Chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports.
T Canada has turned down a proposal by the United States to put troops at U.S.-Canada border during the coronavirus outbreak, arguing that such a move would be unnecessary given the low amount of illegal crossings and damage relations between
T As healthcare workers across the country confront a shortage of personal protective equipment amid the COVID-19 pandemic, one central New York couple has found a solution: 3D print them.
T Texas Roadhouse CEO and founder Kent Taylor will give up his pay for the rest of the year so that the money can go to “front-line workers” amid an industry crunch due to restrictions aimed at slowing the spread of COVID-19.
T MLB, Fanatics use old jersey material to make coronavirus masks, gowns
T New York furniture manufacturer begins 3D printing face shields
T Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte are showing their appreciation for healthcare workers fighting the coronavirus. 
T Pope Francis has tested negative for COVID-19, Italian media reported just days after the Vatican confirmed four positive cases.
T A California winemaker serving a five-month prison sentence for his role in the college admissions scandal has been released two weeks early amid concerns over the coronavirus pandemic that has prompted the reduction of prison populations across the country. 
T MTA to cut NYC subway service by 25 percent; Dr. Saud Sadiq on mass transit's impact on coronavirus spread.
T Washington National Cathedral canon missioner the Rev. Canon Leonard L. Hamlin Sr. joined "Bill Hemmer Reports" Thursday to discuss the recent discovery of 5,000 respirator masks, which have been donated to local hospitals treating coronavirus patients.
T Berlin's world-famous nightclubs launch online parties amid coronavirus
T A 34-year-old Italian nurse treating COVID-19 patients in the hard-struck European country has taken her own life for fear of having spread the illness, according to a nursing organization there.
T Miami mayor on his coronavirus recovery, decision to impose a curfew
T New York to start blood plasma treatment for COVID-19
T Governors Ball 2020 canceled in New York City because of coronavirus
T All 5,000 U.S. Navy sailors onboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier will be tested for the coronavirus after nearly two dozen members were diagnosed with infections while deployed in the Pacific, military officials said Thursday.
T Drew Brees, wife to donate $5M to Louisiana for meals amid surge in COVID-19 cases
T Country music star and host of Fox Nation's "The Pursuit!" John Rich tells ‘The Daily Briefing’ he will present a special concert from his Nashville home on Friday at 8 p.m. ET to provide some live entertainment to Americans stuck at home amid the coronavirus pandemic.
T Security officer at Oklahoma cowboy museum takes over its Twitter during coronavirus outbreak, charms Internet
T Georgia's worst-hit hospital fills 3 ICU units with 'critically ill' coronavirus patients
T A 42-year-old woman from the Los Angeles area who’s diagnosed with Lupus said her health care provider stopped filling her prescription for chloroquine – and sent her a message thanking her for her “sacrifice” to help treat those seriously ill with the coronavirus. 
T China will temporarily close its borders to foreign nationals, effective midnight Saturday, in the midst of the coronavirus outbreak. 
T A local official in the Philippines is now facing charges after putting coronavirus curfew violators in a dog cage.
T Crazy Aaron’s, the creators of Thinking Putty, have shifted their operations from toy-making to producing much-needed hand sanitizer during the coronavirus pandemic.
T The Golden Globes will accept movie submissions without a theatrical release for the first time ever due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced on Thursday.
T Dallas Stars execs to take 50 percent pay cut to help others 'within the organization' during coronavirus outbreak.
T Trump campaign offices to stay closed through April because of coronavirus
T The Phoenix Zoo has turned to the digital world after the coronavirus outbreak forced it to close to visitors. Fans across the country are tuning in to their daily livestreams, helping raise money and keep operations going.
T Actor Mark Blum, known for his work in theater as well as in films “Desperately Seeking Susan,” “Crocodile Dundee” and the Netflix series “You,” died at age 69 reportedly due to complications from the coronavirus. 
T Montana may be the third-lowest state in terms of population density in the U.S., but it hasn't stopped its Fish, Wildlife and Parks Department from coming up with unique ways to recommend social distancing to its residents amid the coronavirus outbreak.
T A Holocaust survivor and New York rabbi who helped dozens of families escape the Nazis has died of COVID-19, according to a local lawmaker.
T Judge denies Tekashi 6ix9ine's request to serve out sentence at home amid coronavirus fears
T Egyptian workers on Wednesday began disinfecting the area around the famed Giza Pyramids and other popular tourist spots left empty amid the coronavirus outbreak.
T United Airlines made another giant slash to domestic flights on Wednesday as the travel industry continues to take hits due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
T An Arkansas pastor issued a coronavirus warning this week after he, his wife and more than 30 others connected to their church contracted the illness, according to reports.
T US works to repatriate up to 5,000 Americans from Peru stranded due to coronavirus.
T With news permeating the world on Wednesday that Prince Charles became the first member of Britain’s royal family to test positive for the coronavirus, his youngest son Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle are doing their best to allay the spread of COVID-19.
T Kylie Jenner donates $1 million to buy masks, protective gear for health care workers.
T Pink cuts her hair while drinking during coronavirus quarantine: 'I might try to fix it'
T With Italy and Spain on the frontlines of fighting the coronavirus pandemic, medical workers have drawn attention to both countries' overburdened hospitals, where equipment and tests have been in short supply for weeks.
T olsonaro calls Brazilian cities' coronavirus lockdowns a 'crime'.
T NYC coronavirus outbreak leads to shortage of foster dogs, cats.
T Los Angeles to shut off water, power of nonessential businesses that refuse to close amid coronavirus
T Researchers have identified nearly 70 drug therapies that could relieve coronavirus symptoms, and with clinical trials being fast-tracked, it’s difficult to keep track of them.
T Laura Bell Bundy tests positive for coronavirus
T Senate coronavirus bill includes $75M for Corporation for Public Broadcasting, which funds NPR, 'Big Bird'
T Foreign leaders from the Group of Seven (G-7) failed to agree on a joint declaration because of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's insistence that they refer to the coronavirus as the "Wuhan virus," according to media reports.
T Jussie Smollett says he is on “quarantine day 421” amid the coronavirus outbreak while he awaits trial for allegedly staging a hate crime against himself.
T Chicago will reserve at least 1,000 hotel rooms to quarantine coronavirus patients, offering relief to hospitals filled beyond their capacity.
T Coronavirus hits housing market as mortgage applications plummet in US.
T NBC has decided to pull the upcoming episode of "New Amsterdam" about a flu pandemic that hits New York City out of respect for those battling the coronavirus outbreak.
T Miller Lite to donate $1M to unemployed bartenders amid coronavirus outbreak.
T Fox Nation will present a private concert with country music star John Rich live from his Nashville home on Friday at 8 p.m. ET to provide some entertainment to Americans stuck at home amid the coronavirus pandemic.
T Just weeks after all of Broadway was shut down, the annual Tony Awards have also been postponed this year as the coronavirus continues to spread throughout New York City and the globe.
T A super PAC led by a former aide to Hillary Clinton is rolling out a $6 million ad campaign starting Tuesday, attacking President Trump's response to the coronavirus pandemic.
T Strip club uses dancers as delivery drivers after being shut down due to coronavirus outbreak.
T A Missouri man is facing a criminal charge for posting a video of himself licking items in Walmart earlier this month to mock the severity of the coronavirus, authorities said.
T President Trump issued a major disaster declaration for Texas on Wednesday amid concerns over the spread of the novel coronavirus.
T A tech startup has launched an online resource for travelers, expats and their loved ones to centralize information about how the coronavirus is spreading and what each impacted country is doing to mitigate the pandemic.
T Apple has secured 10 million masks for U.S. health care workers and is donating millions more to countries globally as the coronavirus pandemic continues to spread and strain manufacturing chains for the medical supplies.
T Spanish authorities have arrested more than 900 people who flaunted government orders to stay inside as the coronavirus continues to batter the country.
T Gangs in some of Brazil’s poorest neighborhoods have, in the absence of state intervention, been imposing curfew on residents to curb the spread of the COVID-19, according to a report.
T Farmers rush to supply spuds during coronavirus outbreak.
T 3-week-old infant in New York is youngest coronavirus patient in US.
T Rep. Seth Moulton, who briefly sought the 2020 Democratic nomination for president, revealed Wednesday he is under self-quarantine after experiencing symptoms of the novel coronavirus, but said he does not “qualify” for a test.
T New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy chided a man facing charges for allegedly coughing on a Wegman’s grocery store employee and then claiming he contracted the coronavirus; reaction and analysis from Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano.
T Police officer in San Diego helped a 95-year-old man by going to get groceries and food for him during the coronavirus pandemic.
T Neighbors use RC car to drive beer to each other to maintain social distancing
T NYPD struggling to supply cops with gloves, masks amid jump in coronavirus cases within force
T Regional, national supermarket chains install dividers at cash registers in US.
T Walmart, Kroger, Albertsons and others are adding plexiglass barriers to keep customers and employees safe during the outbreak.
T During coronavirus pandemic, Disney pauses construction on Avengers-themed land.
T Coronavirus leads to huge increase in demand for cleaning supplies.
T New Jersey restaurant owner Bryan Morin took out a 50K credit line to continue to pay his employees during the coronavirus pandemic that has forced thousands of small businesses to close their doors. Morin spoke with Fox News about why he opened his wallet for who he calls is his ‘extended family’ during these uncertain times.T 
T A Georgia couple who was traveling throughout southern Spain earlier this month until members of their tour party tested positive with coronavirus are now on their way back home after getting the all-clear from doctors.
T As part of the coronavirus aid package, there is a bipartisan push to let the government set provider rates based on the average price for in-network services in a particular region.
T A man who was fined $145 in France last week after piloting a small aircraft during a nationwide lockdown to contain the spread of the coronavirus told authorities he was “bored” and wanted “fresh air."
T 'Duck Dynasty' star Sadie Robertson helping out brides whose weddings were postponed due to the coronavirus
T Coronavirus bill includes millions for Howard, Gallaudet universities
T Chef Floyd Cardoz, 59, died of coronavirus complications
T When it was time to leave the hospital, the man had a touching message for those who helped care for him in the ICU: 'You are all rockstars'.
T Iraqis protest burying coronavirus dead, defy government and gather for mass pilgrimage
T The Senate stimulus compromise package aimed at helping Americans cope with the economic woes caused by the coronavirus crisis includes millions for the arts.
T Officials in South Korea said Wednesday that they plan to provide coronavirus testing kits to the U.S. after President Trump made a request for help to cope with the pandemic. 
T National Park Service asks people to practice social distance during coronavirus pandemic
T The major religions -- Christianity, Judaism, and Islam -- are adapting to virtual rituals as the coronavirus pandemic causes many to shut their doors to faithful followers.
T Craft beer & spirit-makers in some of the communities most severely impacted by the coronavirus pandemic are doing more than just producing hand sanitizer for their patrons. But even as they convert their operations almost entirely to charity, and at a time when sales are so bad they could lose everything, they are discovering new snags in the supply chain that are making it even harder to help in the current crisis.
T Coronavirus outbreak in New York sees 40,000 answer call to re-join health care industry, Cuomo says
T Starbucks offering free coffee to front-line responders amid coronavirus outbreak
T Coronavirus postpones release of 'Wonder Woman 1984'
T Coronavirus bill suspends federal student loan payments through Sept. 30, after Trump waives interest
T Miami Beach Fire and Rescue has formed the first COVID-19 response unit in South Florida, assembling a team of firefighters and paramedics dedicated solely to 911 calls involving suspected coronavirus patients.
T President Trump congratulated Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Wednesday and the International Olympic Committee for their “very wise decision” to reschedule the summer olympics to 2021, amid the coronavirus pandemic.
T 2 Fiat Chrysler workers dead after testing positive for the coronavirus
T United Kingdom immigration officials have detained and tested nearly 100 migrants attempting to enter the country Wednesday during the coronavirus outbreak, a report says.
T Utah Jazz small forward Joe Ingles said he would retire from the NBA without hesitation if it meant keeping his son, who suffers from autism, safe from the threat of the coronavirus.
T ICE deports illegal immigrants to Central America, brings back Americans stranded under coronavirus measures
T The global outbreak of the coronavirus has forced Russia to postpone a nationwide vote on proposed constitutional amendments that would allow President Vladimir Putin to remain in power.
T California teen’s suspected coronavirus-related death would be one of youngest in US
T Royal Caribbean's cruise lines extend voluntary suspensions amid coronavirus outbreak. The decision applies to all three of the cruise lines owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd., including Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Club Cruises.
T Coronavirus fuels toilet paper buying spree, California officials implore people not to flush t-shirts, wipes.
T Bindi Irwin revealed that she married fiance Chandler Powell at a small ceremony without any guests in order to keep friends and family safe from the spread of the coronavirus.
T Universal theme parks extend closures amid coronavirus outbreak
T An Army veteran and the CEO of an apparel company in Georgia who is shifting his operations to make protective masks for doctors and nurses amid the coronavirus outbreak said on “Fox & Friends” on Wednesday that he “needs support.”
T New Zealand Rugby is 'fighting for survival' amid shutdown over coronavirus, official says.
T Coronavirus closure: Waffle House temporarily shuts 365 restaurants
T Pope Francis is calling on Christians around the world to recite the Lord's Prayer, commonly referred to as the Our Father in the Catholic Church, at noon Wednesday as the coronavirus continues to spread.
T CEO of NJ hospital tests positive for COVID-19, speaks out from quarantine
T Texas governor allowing restaurants to sell bulk retail items amid coronavirus pandemic
T Nevada Gov. Steve Sisolak has restricted the prescription of two malaria medications that President Trump named as potential remedies for coronavirus.
T The first virtual NASCAR race was a smash hit, Fox Sports commits to full season during coronavirus crisis.
T A makeshift morgue has been set up outside a New York City hospital as the spread of the coronavirus is accelerating in the Big Apple.
T Dr. Oz on FDA approving off-label use of anti-malaria drug to treat COVID-19
T Wonderland Montessori providing childcare for first responders amid COVID-19 pandemic
T India cricket captain Virat Kohli and his Bollywood actress wife Anushka Sharma have posted a video message to their compatriots urging them to stay at home for the next three weeks in a bid to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
T Dog, excited because owner is 'home for quarantine,' sprains tail from too much wagging.
T A minor league player for the Boston Red Sox has tested positive for the coronavirus, prompting the team to close down its training complex in Fort Myers, Florida.
T Courthouses across the U.S. have closed.
T For Anna, a 33-year-old American woman stranded in a Peruvian hotel room and out of life-saving medication to treat her auto-immune disease.
T Britain deployed 500 transit police as it stepped up efforts to prevent unnecessary travel during the coronavirus outbreak.
T 5 members of Missouri family test positive for coronavirus.
T The Archdiocese of Los Angeles Tuesday announced that all churches will be closed to the public until at least April 19 due to the coronavirus outbreak..T 
T Marketers of the "Coronavirus Defender Patch," a product touted as helping to protect users from getting the virus, were sent cease-and-desist letters Tuesday by Michigan's attorney general.
T 211 NYPD officers, civilian members test positive for coronavirus; 7.6 percent of workforce out sick
T Crime has dropped in San Francisco after the city mandated all residents stay home in an effort to stop the spread of coronavirus, Police Chief Bill Scott said.
T Spain to probe bodies found abandoned in senior homes as ice rink becomes coronavirus makeshift morgue
T Nine female inmates from a minimum-security unit of a South Dakota jail escaped after a separate prisoner tested positive for coronavirus.
T A New York City principal, 36, remembered as a dedicated educator who gave her all to her students and staff, has died of complications from the coronavirus, according to a report.
T Rikers Island to release 300 nonviolent inmates convicted of misdemeanors amid coronavirus outbreak, de Blasio says
T 'The Walking Dead' season finale postponed due to production delays caused by coronavirus outbreak
T Special COVID-19 rescue unit created in Florida. Miami Beach Fire and Rescue team wears extra protective gear, gets decontamination after every call; Phil Keating reports.
T Coronavirus sparks layoffs at some local newspapers
T Turner Classic Movies to offer at-home film festival after coronavirus outbreak cancels event.
T Missouri zoo closed due to coronavirus asks people to write letters to the animals.
T Canadian Hockey League cancels playoffs while NHL has yet to give timeline on possible return.
T Missouri to waive fishing permit requirements during coronavirus outbreak.
T “In the Heights” has been postponed by Warner Bros. due to the coronavirus pandemic.
T Lady Gaga has decided to postpone the release of her forthcoming album, “Chromatica,” for now.
T State Department has repatriated more than 9,000 Americans amid coronavirus crisis
T The couple Kristen Bell, Dax Shepard -- who own residential properties in Los Angeles, Calif. -- have decided to waive rent payments for the month of April.
T Yelp adding donation buttons for restaurants and businesses shut down due to coronavirus.
T A kindergarten teacher in Colorado who hasn’t seen her students in nearly two weeks due to the coronavirus outbreak brought each of them a care package over the weekend because she wanted to see them one more time.
T Romney tests negative for coronavirus, but remains absent in Senate
T Three U.S. Navy sailors aboard the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt in the Philippine Sea have tested positive for COVID-19, marking the first time the virus has spread to a U.S. warship at sea, four U.S. defense officials tell Fox News.
T Grocery stores of Food Town president Mike Lewis change hours of operations to protect at-risk shoppers during outbreak.
T Terrence McNally, one of America’s great playwrights whose prolific career included winning Tony Awards for the plays “Love! Valour! Compassion!” and “Master Class” and the musicals “Ragtime” and “Kiss of the Spider Woman,” has died of complications from the coronavirus. He was 81.
T Executive order requires travelers from New York, New Jersey, Connecticut to self-quarantine; Florida Attorney General Ashley Moody weighs in.
T Several groups in US are working to get unused masks, gowns and other personal protection equipment (PPE)  items into the hands of the medical community by asking people for their unused items.
T A global "internet pressure" map reveals that the coronavirus pandemic is putting a strain on the internet as tens of millions of people log on while under mandatory work-from-home orders.
T Italy PM raises maximum fine to 3,000 euros for those who defy lockdown.
T Vice President Mike Pence said that “the FDA [Food and Drug Administration] is approving off-label use for the hydroxychloroquine right now."
T New York dressmaker Nancy Sinoway is adapting her business and making face masks to help her community amid the coronavirus pandemic.
T Anna Wintour revealed that the Met Gala has been postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak in a statement on Vogue's website on Monday. 
T Mexico suspends large gatherings over coronavirus days after its president urges residents to dine out
T A Catholic priest in Italy is being called a "Martyr of Charity" for refusing a respirator so a younger patient could use it to ward off the coronavirus.
T As Iran battles one of the worst coronavirus outbreaks in the world, its regime has rejected life-saving humanitarian aid from abroad.
T Debi Mazar is opening up about her symptoms three days after announcing she tested positive for the coronavirus. She says she feared she 'wouldn't survive' due to years of smoking.
T Homeless in Los Angeles get hand sanitizer, food from nonprofit practicing social distancing.
T Dennis Quaid has postponed his upcoming wedding to fiancée Laura Savoie due to the coronavirus outbreak.
T Teen climate activist Greta Thunberg said Tuesday that she’s been in self-isolation for two weeks after showing symptoms she believed were linked to the coronavirus, although admitted she was not tested for the disease.
T Major pizza chains looking to hire 60,000 new workers amid coronavirus shutdowns in US.
T New York City recruiting ride-hailing drivers to deliver food to seniors during coronavirus crisis
T Inter Miami owner David Beckham has altered the MLS’s team logo in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic to encourage social distancing after the league announced last week that it intends to play a full season.
T Massachusetts officials announced that hundreds of day care sites will open to accommodate those who are forced to work during the coronavirus pandemic.
T Korean Basketball League cancels season due to coronavirus concerns: report
T Ford pushing production suspension beyond March 30 due to coronavirus response
T Putin visits hospital treating coronavirus patients donning hazmat suit, infections in Russia near 500
T During coronavirus, Costco designates special hours for shoppers 60 and older.
T NASA confirms Kennedy Space Center employee tests positive for coronavirus
T Peeps manufacturer shutting down production amid coronavirus outbreak in US.
T Hillsong Pastor Carl Lentz, a prominent Hillsong Church pastor in New York City tests positive for coronavirus: 'The symptoms are so real'
T Coronavirus postpones Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony to November.
T Chicago Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo is giving back to healthcare workers unable to stay home in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic by providing hot meals to doctors and nurses through his foundation.
T Coronavirus sends India into lockdown as trains halted, Modi says 'please save yourself'
T Norwegian Jewel passengers disembark in Hawaii after cruise ship denied at several ports. Guests had been at sea for nearly a month..
T Washington state issues ‘stay-at-home’ order, bans weddings and funerals to slow coronavirus spread.
T Pittsburgh Pirates players buy 400 pizzas for hospital staff on coronavirus front lines. The Pittsburgh Pirates were the next team to step up to the plate during the coronavirus pandemic.
T New York State says that it will fight the coronavirus outbreak by using the blood plasma of recovered patients.
T The mayor of Bergamo is flying his two daughters home from the United Kingdom to keep them safe amid the coronavirus pandemic.
T Iran’s theocratic rulers have temporarily released some 85,000 prisoners, including political prisoners, in an effort to prevent the spread of the Middle East’s worst coronavirus outbreak, but have refused to free many Iranian Christians jailed for practicing their faith.
T Titans coach Mike Vrabel talks to elderly fan quarantined over coronavirus concerns.
T A sheriff in California is ordering all gun stores in his county to be closed after deeming them non-essential businesses.
T Ford using F-150 parts to design respirators for coronavirus fight.
T Tokyo Olympics to be postponed, Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says.
T American family stranded in Peru, quarantined in place after coronavirus closes border.
T Chinese authorities said they will end a two-month lockdown of most of coronavirus-hit Hubei province at midnight, as domestic cases of the virus continue to subside.
T Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk made good on his promise to deliver ventilators to aid in the coronavirus pandemic, California Gov. Gavin Newsom said.
T Hospital system sets up coronavirus testing sites at Charlotte Motor Speedway
T Professional truck driver Bill Hambrick and Highway Angel program spokesperson Lindsay Lawlwer brave coronavirus outbreak to deliver goods.
T The Tokyo Olympic torch relay will start Thursday as planned in northeastern Fukushima prefecture — but with no torch, no torchbearers, no public, and little ceremony.
T Arizona man dies after self-medicating chloroquine phosphate to treat coronavirus.
T Chloë Sevigny is speaking out after the announcement that New York-Presbyterian hospitals have put a ban on partners being present in delivery rooms in an effort to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
T Rep. Denver Riggleman, owner of the Silverback Distillery, has turned his whiskey-making operation into a hand sanitizer factory.
T A midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md., has tested positive for the novel coronavirus and is currently self-quarantined at home, a statement from the academy said.
T Authorities in Spain will use an Olympic-sized ice rink as a makeshift morgue for victims of the coronavirus until funeral homes can take them, officials said.
T Jamie Otis took to Instagram to apologize for traveling with her family and putting other people at risk amid the coronavirus outbreak.
T DC comedy club forced to lay off staff, livestream events amid coronavirus.
T New Jersey pizza store owner takes out loan to pay his workers.
T Rhode Island postpones presidential primary to June due to coronavirus pandemic.
T 'Walking Dead' actor Daniel Newman says he was charged $9G for coronavirus test but not given results.
T Coronavirus wipes out Italian town's supply of ventilator valves, as local business jumps in.
T White House coronavirus task force member Dr. Deborah Birx reveals she had low-grade fever, tested negative for coronavirus.
T One New York City restaurateur has kept his kitchen open to make and deliver donated Italian meals to health-care workers on the frontlines of the coronavirus response.
T The New York City Fire Department has only a few weeks worth of crucial protective gear left while dozens of firefighters have been infected with coronavirus, FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro told "Bill Hemmer Reports".
T UK's Boris Johnson orders closures of all non-essential businesses to stop coronavirus.
T Former Miss Hawaii Jeanné Kapela is pleading with decision-makers in her native state to order people to “shelter-in-place” and to shut down schools and businesses indefinitely in order to protect its residents against the spread of coronavirus after she tested positive.
T The founders of Desert Door sotol distillery in Texas have turned to producing hand sanitizer that is being donated to first responders, retirement centers and health care workers during the COVID-19 crisis.
T Lawyers for Julian Assange to apply for bail, citing risk of coronavirus
T Maryland governor closes all non-essential businesses over coronavirus concerns
T Amid the coronavirus pandemic, fashion brands are pledging to produce face masks.
T McDonald's changes Golden Arches logo amid coronavirus outbreak to demonstrate social distancing
T New Jersey residents seeking coronavirus tests inundated the state’s two drive-thru testing centers, with one site reaching capacity before it even opened, as testing across the U.S. is hampered by a lack of supplies.
T Expectant mothers who deliver their babies at New York-Presbyterian hospitals in and around the Big Apple will now have to go through the process without their partners at their side – all because of the coronavirus.
T Kroger hiring more than 10,000, changing store hours as coronavirus spurs panic buying
T Popeyes offering fans Netflix username and password for those stuck at home during coronavirus outbreak
T Katharine McPhee and David Foster have been performing mini concerts together while self-isolating at home because of the coronavirus outbreak.
T Michigan became the latest state to issue a stay-at-home order to its residents, joining a growing list of places on lockdown across the country as lawmakers try to thwart the spread of the coronavirus.
T Germany's Angela Merkel tests negative for coronavirus, continues quarantine.
T Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz announced that he is in self-quarantine after coming into contact with an individual who tested positive for the novel coronavirus.
T Hong Kong coronavirus battle includes banning all touring arrivals, halting alcohol sales.
T NFL to make changes to draft process as league moves on from Vegas over coronavirus.
T Sen. Amy Klobuchar announced that her husband has tested positive for coronavirus and that he is currently being treated in a Virginia hospital.
T South Africa goes on 21-day lockdown as coronavirus cases surge.
T Washington state hospital launches '100 million mask challenge' to fight supply shortage. Volunteers are sewing masks at home and a furniture factory produces 5,000 masks in two days; Dan Springer reports from Seattle.
T Daniel Dae Kim reveals he's 'practically back to normal' after testing positive for coronavirus.
T A U.S. Navy hospital ship with 800 staff on board is now en route to Los Angeles Monday to help relieve the strain coronavirus is putting on the area’s hospital system.
T AN anesthesiologist in US said he will move out of his home temporarily to protect his 3-year-old son, who is undergoing cancer treatment.
T Opera singer Plácido Domingo tests positive for coronavirus in Spain.
T Electric truck maker Rivian suspends operations amid coronavirus outbreak
T Bethenny Frankel manufacturing, donating coronavirus kits and masks to thousands of health care workers
T Coronavirus in Italy spurs hardest-hit region to set strict distance limit on dog walking
T Coronavirus Facebook Live video at NC Walmart leads to arrest for perpetrating hoax
T The American Red Cross is doubling down on calls for healthy Americans, especially millennials and Gen Zs, to donate blood amid the coronavirus outbreak.
T Danish market creatively prices hand sanitizer to discourage coronavirus hoarding
T Automakers start helping production of medical equipment for coronavirus fight
T New Zealand to impose month-long coronavirus lockdown as residents told to 'go home'
T Vietnam veteran, 9/11 first responder walks streets with flag as coronavirus hits NYC
T Thousands of stolen coronavirus respirator masks found in Oregon, donated to hospitals as arrest made
T SpaceX joins automakers' offer to build ventilators for coronavirus patients
T McDonald's to close all restaurants in the UK due to coronavirus
T Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz died Saturday from the new coronavirus, his family said. He was 76.
T Men's world hockey championships in Switzerland canceled
T The president of Mexico's Liga MX soccer league announced Friday he has tested positive for coronavirus.
T The University of Tampa announced that five of its students have tested positive for coronavirus and are recovering after returning from a spring break trip.
T Olga Kurylenko, a Ukrainian-born model who played alongside Daniel Craig in “Quantum of Solace,” announced on Instagram that she fully recovered from the coronavirus.
T A U.S. Secret Service employee who has not had any contact with any other employee or “protectee” for nearly three weeks was diagnosed with the coronavirus.
T The coronavirus pandemic sweeping the country forced a New York City couple to cancel their meticulously planned March 21 wedding at the famous Chelsea Piers, and opt for an at-home wedding instead.
T Hilarie Burton says she's been sewing masks for health care workers, encourages fans to do the same.
T Jo-Ann craft stores are giving away free kits to make face masks, gowns
T As an order requiring most New Yorkers to stay home from work and not gather in groups outside their families took effect Sunday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo called to ban more cars from New York City streets to slow the coronavirus pandemic.
T Singapore is closing its borders starting Tuesday after recording its first two deaths because of the coronavirus pandemic.
T The largest hotel company in the world, Marriott International Inc., announced Sunday it will furlough thousands of corporate employees across the globe as the company is forced to scale back due to the coronavirus pandemic.
T Delaware closes its beaches after there was crowding on the Rehoboth boardwalk in response to coronavirus.
T A state governor in Mexico sparked outrage Wednesday when he said poor people are immune to the coronavirus.
T As the coronavirus crisis continues to inspire the best in Americans, a mystery “neighborhood mom” has started leaving out sack lunches on a table in Severna Park, Md. “for anyone who needs it” every afternoon, The Capital Gazette reported.
T USNS Comfort embarks to NYC to help hospitals dealing with COVID-19 pandemic
T Three Hanshin Tigers players testing positive for the coronavirus this week isn't making Japanese baseball organizers think twice about starting the professional league season next month.
T CORONAVIRUS LEADS WALMART TO SET SPECIAL TIME FOR SENIOR SHOPPING
T Adidas: To all our athletes, teammates and friends across the world, your health is what matters most. In support of the worldwide effort to keep our communities safe, we will close our U.S. retail doors from March 17th until March 29th.
T A letter to our Community: To keep our people, our clients, our partners, and our communities safe, our boutiques will be closed until further notice. Should you need some normalcy http://aritzia.com  and @aritzia will continue to be there for you.
T As of today, all stores of American Eagle will close as we support health, responsibility and more importantly YOU.
T Dear Bath & Body Works Customers, with breaking news about COVID-19 constantly developing, our goal has been to make products available to help you care for your families and friends to prevent the spread of COVID-19/Coronavirus as much as we can. But based on the information we have today, we have made the extremely difficult decision to temporarily close all of our stores in the U.S. and Canada.
T As the Coronavirus situation remains ever-changing, the safety of our customers and employees remains our top priority. Starting tomorrow, we’ll be temporarily closing all U.S. and Canada Banana Republic stores for the next two weeks, and will support our impacted employees with continued pay and benefits during this time. If you’re feeling like there’s a lot going on right now, we’re right there with you. Community means everything to us, and we will continue to lift each other up and come through this stronger, together.
T To protect our associates, customers, and the communities we serve, we will temporarily close all of our stores in the U.S. and Canada to the public, starting this evening, March 17. For more information, visit us at DSW.com
T Foot Locker: Your health and the safety of our associates is our top priority so we’ve made the decision to close our stores in North America.
T GameStop: Beginning today, 3/22, we’ll be offering a contactless delivery service called Delivery@Door at all US store locations where state/local laws allow..
T In the interest of safety, we’ve decided to temporarily close all of our US stores to the public, effective March 18. We'll remain available at http://IKEA-USA.com  and will continue to offer Click and Collect in many stores.
T LA strip club violates emergency order to close, checks patron’s temperature at door
T LOS ANGELES - Fears over the rapidly spreading novel coronavirus outbreak are causing authorities to take extra precautions with mass gatherings and events around the world. 
T Glastonbury Festival, one of the longest running and most prominent music and arts festivals announced the cancellation of this years event due to COVID-19. 
T The 2020 Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, in Manchester, Tennessee was originally scheduled to occur June 11-14. Festival organizers have moved the event to September 24-27 saying that “all current tickets and onsite accommodations (camping, tent rentals, RV, etc.) will be honored for the new weekend."
T Churchill Downs postponed the Kentucky Derby until September, the latest rite of spring in sports to be struck by the new coronavirus along with the Masters, March Madness and baseball season. Instead of May 2, the race will be run Sept. 5, kicking off Labor Day weekend.
T The NFL will proceed with its draft but without public events next month in Las Vegas. It's not yet clear, however, if the draft itself will be held in the city. Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday the draft will take place April 23-25 as scheduled, but under a modified format still being developed. The draft will be televised regardless of its venue or format.
T The Metropolitan Opera announced it would offer a nightly series of free web streams, starting Monday March 16. 
T Apple said its annual developers conference would take place entirely online this year. Apple said it would give $1 million to organizations in San Jose, California, to help with the money they would lose from Apple canceling the in-person event. The event had been held in San Jose for the past few years.
T New York's governor ordered all Broadway theaters to shut their doors in the face of ongoing coronavirus concerns, plunging into darkness one of the city's most popular tourist attractions and causing turmoil in the run-up to the Tony Awards.
T Live Nation informed its employees that while some select shows are still scheduled, all remaining touring concerts will be canceled from now through April. 
T City officials announced that Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, the largest indoor livestock exhibition and rodeo in the world would be postponed in light of the spread of the virus.  
T The National Association of Broadcasters conference in Las Vegas hosts thousands of media and entertainment professionals showcasing the latest in broadcast television. Organizers of the event announced in a release that they were moving the date of the conference to April.
T Organizers of the largest video game conference of the year E3 cancelled the event that was originally scheduled to be held at the Los Angeles Convention Center. The highly anticipated event was supposed to occur June 9-11 and was expected to unveil the new Xbox gaming console this year. "Following increased and overwhelming concerns about the COVID-19 virus, we felt this was the best way to proceed during such an unprecedented global situation," organizers said in a release. 
T The Southern California two-weekend music festival was postponed amid virus concerns. The festival is organized by concert promoter Goldenvoice, which released a statement on March 10, saying it will be rescheduled for two weekends in October.
T The Austin-based tech, film and music festival which draws hundreds of thousands of visitors was officially cancelled on March 6 in response to the rapidly spreading coronavirus. 
T Facebook F8 Developers Conference, Facebook’s highly anticipated tech conference which hosts some of the greatest minds in the developer and entrepreneurial community was canceled and replaced with a combination of what Facebook is calling, “locally hosted events, videos and live streamed content.”
T The Seattle based comic book convention decided to cancel Emerald City Comic Con after what they said was “many hours of conversation internally and consultation with local government officials and the tourism bureau.”
T The three-day outdoor electronic music festival, Ultra Music Festival held in Miami was originally scheduled for March 20-22 but will be postponed until next year. Organizers of the event expressed in a statement their understanding of the need to cancel the event amid the threat of the virus, saying, “there is no higher priority for us than the health, safety and physical well-being” of attendees and event staff. 
T On March 9, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh cancelled the city’s St. Patrick’s Day Parade, which hosts anywhere from 600,000 to 1 million attendees every year, according to Trip Savvy.
T The St. Patrick's day celebrations which included several parades across in the Windy City have been postponed amid coronavirus fears. City officials said the events would be canceled and moved to later dates. State health officials announced March 10, that the number of coronavirus cases in Illinois has risen to 19.
T One of the longest-running St. Patrick's Day parades in the country was set to celebrate its 249th year, but coronavirus fears halted the festivities. All events related to this parade were also canceled and the Philadelphia Health Department is recommending that people consider not attending public gatherings with more than 5,000 expected attendees.
T New York Governor Andrew  Cuomo announced the cancellation of the parade that has been held every year since 1762. It draws between 1 million and 2 million spectators and about 250,000 participants, making it the largest St. Patrick's Day celebration in the world—even bigger than any parade in Ireland.
T Savannah, Ga.: The City of Savannah, Ga. has canceled this year's St. Patrick's Day festivities. Officials said while the coronavirus threat remains low, this decision was made out of an abundance of caution for public health. "Savannah is OK right now, and we want to keep it that way," the city said in a news release posted on Facebook.
T Event organizers of Tomorrowland Music Festival announced on Twitter that the French government decided to cancel the winter edition of the electronic music festival originally scheduled to run March 14-21 at the French alpine ski resort of Alpe d’Huez Grand Domaine Ski.
T The Southern California tennis tournament was expected to host upwards of 450,000 people, including 124,000 from outside the region. Many players already in Indian Wells practicing and preparing for the BNP Paribas Open were left scrambling when the postponement was announced.
T The Grammy-winning singer is among many musicians who have postponed concerts and tours amid the rapidly spreading coronavirus. Ciara, who is pregnant, was set to perform in Texas at the grand opening of the new Fort Hood USO on March 19, but announced Saturday that the event is being postponed, according to the Associated Press. 
T Carey tweeted that she had to cancel a March concert in Hawaii due to “evolving international travel restrictions.” 
T The California based rock band Green Day announced a cancellation of a tour in Asia due to the virus, but said new dates would be announced shortly. 
T Avril Lavigne informed her fans on Instagram that she would have to cancel her tour in Japan, China, Philippines and Taiwan where a majority of coronavirus cases have occurred. 
T The Ivy League has canceled its annual basketball tournament. The conference announced on March 10 that it will implement "highly-restrictive, in-venue" spectator limitations for all upcoming athletic events. Regular-season champions, Yale men and Princeton women, have been designated as the conference's automatic qualifiers to the NCAA tournament.
T A "Stay Home-Work Safe" order was issued for Harris County and all cities in the county, including Houston.
T "I felt like I was gonna die": Houston rapper Scarface of Geto Boys has COVID-19
T According to Danny Perez, a spokesperson for the Texas Department of Transportation, none of TxDOT’s projects in the Houston area have been halted because of Coronavirus COVID-19.
T TWC works to handle hundreds of thousands of unemployment benefit applicants. The Texas Workforce Commission says that it included 150,000 Texans, plus hundreds of thousands more trying to apply for unemployment this week, overwhelming its website and phone lines. 
T The Waller County community of Cane Island is hosting a pop-up drive-in movie weekend, with three straight days of old-fashioned double-features.
T Krispy Kreme will be offering free doughnuts on Mondays to health care workers.
T First COVID-19 testing site opens in Fort Bend County.
T HISD cancels food distribution as COVID-19 precautions heighten.
T Houston SPCA provides 'puppy stress relief' to city officials and emergency responders
T Brazoria County has issued a Stay Safe at Home order in effect until April 3.
T Many North Texans who are under a stay-at-home order due to the coronavirus are looking for a way to get out of the house and get some exercise while still adhering to social distancing. Mansfield offering a Flatten the Curve Virtual Marathon.
T CHI Texas Division adopts restrictive visitor policy. CHI hospitals in Texas will not allow visitors, except in specific cases, to protect patients, employees and the community during the COVID-19 outbreak.
T Chambers County curfew goes into effect on March 24 until further notice. Anyone who violates the order is subject to a $1,000 fine and/or 180 days in the Chambers County Jail.
T Asian Chamber of Commerce donates over $42,000 medical supplies to City of Houston.
T Walker County curfew goes into effect Monday until further notice. Walker County Judge Danny Pierce signed the order on Sunday to go into effect on Monday, March 23. The curfew will extend from 11:59 p.m. to 5:00 a.m. each night. 
T Washington Redskins' Adrian Peterson donates $50,000 to support HISD’s food distribution sites.
T FedEx confirms Houston employee tested positive for COVID19
T The election was originally scheduled for May 26, but it has been postponed "in conjunction with the state's ongoing efforts to mitigate the spread of COVID-19," says a release from the governor's office.
T First Houston COVID-19 drive-thru testing site expands to older adults with symptoms. People 65 and older with cough, difficulty breathing, and fever may call the Houston Health Department COVID-19 call center at 832-393-4220 between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. to be screened.
T Lakewood Church is partnering with the Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center to hold an emergency blood drive on Monday, March 23 through Friday, March 27 from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily.
T Walmart to hire 150,000 workers, give $550 million in cash bonuses amid coronavirus outbreak. The hiring begins now through the end of May.
T Church officials were informed that a married couple who had attended St. Angela Merici Parish tested positive for COVID-19.
T Luck Reunion may have been canceled but the show will go on. Many of the artists that were scheduled to perform in Luck, Texas will now be performing at a free, live streaming event on March 19.
T Port of Houston halts Bayport and Barbours Cut operations until March 20 due to COVID-19 case.
T Minnesota restaurant giving away roll of toilet paper with take-out orders totaling more than $25.
T Amid coronavirus pandemic, Phoenix bar offering free roll of toilet paper with deliveries.
T Abbott issues proclamation to allow local elections set for May to be postponed. The proclamation suspends provisions of the Texas Election Code to allow local governments to postpone their May 2 elections until November.
T The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo will host online auctions, giving registered buyers the opportunity to support the 2020 junior exhibitors.
T A Whataburger in Lakeway helped deliver more than a dozen meals to H-E-B workers and Baylor Scott and White medical staff in appreciation for their hard work during the COVID-19 pandemic.
T Texas State Capitol, the Capitol Visitors Center, the Texas State Cemetery, and the Capitol Visitors Parking Garage will be closed to the public due to COVID-19.
T The Galveston-Houston Catholic Archdiocese has suspended mass effective March 18. Churches are being allowed to stay open for individual and private prayer.
T UT President Gregory Fenves announced the move in a letter, saying UT is asking students not to return to campus after March 30 unless there is a specific need and if they have living arrangements elsewhere.
T The City of Galveston has shut down amusement venues including bars and barred restaurants from providing dine-in services.
T Burger King responds to coronavirus pandemic by offering free kids meals.
T Amazon, in an attempt to fill its warehouses with toilet paper, hand sanitizer and other items in high demand, said Tuesday that it will limit what suppliers can send to its warehouses for the next three weeks.
T Gov. Abbott: AT&T waiving internet data usage fees for those without unlimited data.
T Delta Air Lines waives change fees for all tickets purchased in March and recently-booked travel through April.
T CVS won't charge fees for home delivery of prescriptions amid COVID-19 outbreak. CVS Health said the move was aimed to keep people at higher risk of complications from COVID-19 from coming to the pharmacy to pick up new prescriptions and refills. 
T British PM Boris Johnson tests positive for coronavirus.
T A 37-year-old woman who flew from Los Angeles to Beijing last week before testing positive for coronavirus could reportedly face up to seven years in prison in China for allegedly hiding her symptoms.
T COVID-19 pandemic triggers indefinite closure of Eiffel Tower in Paris.
T Ireland is closing all schools, colleges, childcare facilities and cultural institutions until March 29.
T Italy imposes nationwide travel restrictions in desperate bid to contain COVID-19.
T Delta is suspending all flights between Atlanta's airport and Italy starting on Wednesday.
T Israel announces 2-week quarantine for all overseas arrivals amid coronavirus concerns.
T A long queue of customers pushing trolleys snaked around the entrance to a Costco outlet in Melbourne on March 8 as many supermarkets in Australia were left with shortages of toilet paper and other items due to coronavirus-related panic buying.
T Stocks, oil prices plunge as coronavirus closes sites around world.
T Vatican City reports its first case of coronavirus days after Pope tested negative.
T Dog tests 'weak positive' for coronavirus in Hong Kong, first possible infection in pet.
T Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is asking all elementary, middle and high schools nationwide to close until late March to help control the spread of the new virus in the country.
T Puppies from Atlanta Humane Society visit Georgia Aquarium during COVID-19 closure
T REAL ID enforcement deadline pushed back to 2021.
T U.S. Army Corps of Engineers mobilizing to convert hotels, dorms into hospitals.
T Augusto Heleno, Brazil’s national security adviser, said on Twitter he tested positive for the coronavirus but displayed no symptoms, according to Foreign Policy.
T Sophie Grégoire Trudeau, the wife of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, tested positive for the coronavirus on March 13 after returning from London. She and her husband separately began 14-day quarantine periods, BBC reported. Trudeau was not tested for COVID-19 and was expected to fulfill all job duties while working remotely.
T Nicola Zingaretti, the leader of the governing Democratic Party, visited Milan on February 27, with a group of students, encouraging people to go out as a sign of strength against the coronavirus threat. “We must not change our habits,” he wrote in a social media post, according to the Guardian. “Our economy is stronger than fear: let’s go out for an aperitivo, a coffee or to eat a pizza.” He tested positive with the coronavirus nine days later.
T Roberto Stella, president of the Order of Doctors in Varese, died at age 67 from respiratory failure after contracting the coronavirus.
T Giorgi Valoti, the mayor of Cene, died at age 70 on March 13 also from a COVID-19-related illness.
T Franck Riester, French minister of culture, and Brune Poirson, the secretary of state to the minister of ecological and inclusive transition, both tested positive for the coronavirus.
T The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, tested positive. He is 69 years old and previously worked as France’s former foreign minister.
T German Chancellor Angela Merkel tested negative for the coronavirus Monday, March 23, according to her spokesman, and would have further testing completed this week. “Further tests will be conducted in the coming days,” her spokesman, Steffen Seibert, told news agency dpa International, according to the Associated Press.
T Spanish Deputy Prime Minister Carmen Calvo was hospitalized on Sunday, March 22 with a respiratory infection and has been tested for the coronavirus, according to Reuters. Her test results have not come back yet. "The deputy Prime Minister went to a hospital yesterday afternoon and after medical tests were carried out doctors decided she had to remain there to receive treatment for a respiratory infection," the government said in a statement.
T Irene Montero, Spain’s equality minister, was the first in Sanchez’s cabinet to test positive for the coronavirus. She and her husband, Pablo Iglesias, who is the deputy prime minister and leader of the Podemos Party, remain in quarantine.
T Javier Ortega Smith, the secretary-general of the far-right Vox party, tested positive on March 10, causing the suspension of Spain’s lower house of Parliament. The leader of the party, Santiago Abascal, later tested positive.
T Quim Torra, the leader of Spain’s Catalonia region, where Barcelona is located, as well as Pere Aragones, Catalan deputy head of government, have both tested positive.
T Nottingham City Council is expected to spend £3.6m on equipment to keep staff safe during the coronavirus outbreak.
T Police Scotland says personal protective equipment will be rolled out to frontline officers.
T Tesco restricts online orders to 80 items each. It is the latest in a series of measures to safeguard people and supplies during the coronavirus pandemic.
T Work to convert the Day Patient Unit at Guernsey's Princess Elizabeth Hospital into an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) has been completed in two weeks.
T London's firefighters have agreed to deliver food and medicine, drive ambulances and retrieve bodies during the Covid-19 pandemic, as former ambulance staff and police officers were urged to come back to the front line.
T Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has announced fresh measures to combat the spread of coronavirus. These include a $26m (£21m) grant to Lagos state and a $13m grant to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).
T Mark Blum: Madonna pays tribute to co-star after coronavirus death
T Terrence McNally: Playwright dies of coronavirus complications
U Diarrhea and other gastrointestinal issues could be the first signs of the novel coronavirus, also known as COVID-19. Yes, at least according to one study published Thursday in The American Journal of Gastroenterology. The study, conducted by Chinese researchers, looked at data from 204 coronavirus patients in China’s Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak. Of the 204 patients, 99 of them -- about 48.5 percent -- presented to the hospital with “with one or more digestive symptoms as their chief complaint,” namely diarrhea, vomiting or abdominal pain, per the study.
U The White House on Thursday said the record surge in unemployment claims is “to be totally expected” and “no surprise” considering the nationwide response to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus.
U A man in Morristown, N.J., has gone viral after he was spotted holding a sign thanking medical staff for “saving [his] wife’s life.”
U A new study suggests that ending social distancing too soon in Wuhan, China, where the novel coronavirus outbreak started, could cause a "second wave" in the summer.
U HHS official insists New York is getting everything it has asked for to deal with coronavirus
U Dr. Nicole Saphier said that there are “very encouraging numbers” showing the “slowing” of coronavirus cases. 
U Wimbledon has the chance to be postponed or canceled entirely as All England Club officials called for an “emergency meeting” to discuss options as sporting events shut down over the coronavirus outbreak.
U New York City hospital staff seen wearing trash bags for protection, co-worker dies from coronavirus.
U Experts warn coronavirus can last up to 5 days on shoes. Fox News medical contributor Dr. Nicole Saphier advises to leave shoes outside home amid the coronavirus on ‘Fox and Friends.’
U China cashes in off coronavirus, selling Spain $467 million in supplies, some of them substandard
U Mark Cuban predicts 'we are truly going to see the best of capitalism' after coronavirus 'recession'
U Over 4 million New Yorkers — or 50 percent of the city’s population — will get the coronavirus, Mayor de Blasio warned Wednesday.
U Dr Fauci: COVID-19 virus could come in cycles
U Newt Gingrich: Coronavirus spread because of Chinese government mismanagement, corruption and dishonesty. Watching the Chinese Communist dictatorship mismanage the initial coronavirus epidemic, cover it up and then lie about it has been infuriating. But it is also a good lesson in how dangerous and how profoundly dishonest the dictatorship is.
U New Orleans is quickly becoming a hotspot for the coronavirus and the city's jam-packed Mardi Gras season could be the reason why, according to medical experts. 
U Online ministries see record number of people turning to Jesus amid pandemic
U 13,000 Americans are stranded abroad as the coronavirus pandemic continues, with at least 29 of them in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
U More than 60 percent of American hospitals report they are not prepared to handle an influx of COVID-19 patients as product shortages for critical items grow more severe during the pandemic.
U Coronavirus bill more than double the size of FDR’s New Deal
U US could be worse than Italy if 15-day guidelines are disregarded
U Cost of coronavirus pits lethality of disease against harm to economy
U Medical facilities themselves could become hubs for transmission.
U A SARS-CoV-2 study suggests summer weather could potentially aid in slowing the spread of the virus.
U Coronavirus patients 'doing better' in testing with anti-malaria drug
U 5-7 million restaurant workers have been laid off nationwide because of coronavirus
U NBA star Karl-Anthony Towns reveals mom is in medically induced coma, believes she has coronavirus
U COVID-19 crisis could expand government control and jurisdictions in US.
U Sergei Sobyanin, Moscow’s mayor and ally to Russian President Vladimir Putin, said the number of coronavirus cases in his city far exceeds the official numbers, Reuters reported.
U No normally functioning economy if thousands of Americans die from coronavirus.
U Multiple European countries are considering tracking track users’ phone data to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus.
U 3M is not a good corporate citizen after mask shortage led to price gouging.
U 25 percent of US coronavirus testing occurring in NY.
U Vitamin D supplementation reduces the risk of respiratory infection, regulates cytokine production and can limit the risk of other viruses such as influenza.
U Loss of taste, smell could be telltale sign of coronavirus.
U COVID-19 more contagious than SARS or MERS, can live on surfaces for up to 9 days.
U A religious preacher in the northern state of Punjab who died of Covid-19 may have infected hundreds.
U Connecticut party of 50 guests became coronavirus 'super-spreading event'
U Cruise ship Diamond Princess data helps reveal coronavirus death rate.
U Coronavirus deaths could exceed armed forces casualties in WWII.
U Coronavirus outbreak in US 'at best could be 10 times worse than bad flu season,' expert warns
U Coronavirus testing may be impacted by shortage of crucial materials. As coronavirus continues to spread across the United States, the quest to combat the global pandemic is being hampered by testing kit shortages and a fear that the materials needed to make more may soon run dry.
U NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said Thursday night that the league’s hiatus because of the coronavirus pandemic will likely last at least a month, or roughly what would have been the remainder of an uninterrupted regular season.
U Democrats attacking Trump coronavirus response hurt economy – they shouldn’t politicize crisis.
U British coronavirus evacuee who was 'taken ill' on last flight out of Wuhan
U CDC files for emergency approval of its coronavirus test
U Experts: You won't catch coronavirus from packages from China
U Seventh American diagnosed with coronavirus as US declares public health emergency "Rep. Paul Gosar: Coronavirus – To save lives, we must restrict travel from affected areas to the US"
U Cambodian PM says he will visit students in China's Wuhan for moral support "Burdened by sanctions, North Korea sees coronavirus threaten economic lifelines"
U The British citizens trying to flee China
U Chinese residents in quarantine call for government action
U Pakistan will not evacuate citizens from Wuhan
U Spurt in fertiliser import costs seen due to plant closure
U Many countries 'unprepared' to face Coronavirus: Global health monitor
U Coronavirus to have little impact on US economy, says Trump adviser
U Global markets hit hard as indices catch Wuhan flu; Sensex falls 285 pts "In a breakthrough, Australia researchers grow coronavirus from cell culture"
U Scientists begin work on a vaccine to tackle coronavirus outbreak
U Trump says coronavirus outbreak is 'all under control' and a 'very small problem' in US
U More airlines suspend flights to and from China amid coronavirus fears
U Goldman Sachs expects coronavirus outbreak to weigh on US economic growth this quarter
U Oreo maker Mondelez says coronavirus could hurt sales in first quarter
U Ex-Obama health advisor: US needs to 'stop panicking and being hysterical' about coronavirus "China's deadly coronavirus could be good for US jobs, manufacturing, says Trump Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross"
U Europe's biggest oil company warns of 'tough and uncertain' market as coronavirus fears intensify
U Asian markets recover a little after coronavirus fears sunk stocks
U Apple stands to lose a lot from the coronavirus outbreak
U The coronavirus could cost China's economy $60 billion this quarter. Beijing will have to act fast to avert a bigger hit
U Desperate Chinese resort to using FRUIT as face masks
U Chinese hospitals start to use AI-powered robots to treat coronavirus patients
U French Asians hit back at racism with 'I am not a virus' hashtag
U Chinese coronavirus doctors beaten up by relative of victim
U China accused of lying over true scale of coronavirus
U Social media rumors that USC student had coronavirus triggered online petition to cancel classes
U Wuhan Coronavirus patients SPIT at doctors to spread disease
U Drones being repurposed to spray disinfectant over villages and cities in China hit by coronavirus
U China sends planes to bring 'stranded' overseas residents back home to Wuhan
U Coronavirus: British man forced to leave wife behind in Wuhan
U Face masks sell out online and in shops across Britain as coronavirus panic
U Study of coronavirus in BATS sheds light on how the killer virus evolves
U China turned down US offer to send scientists to  fight coronavirus
U Bill Gates Predicted a Coronavirus-Like Outbreak in 2019 Netflix Documentary
U Johnson & Johnson is 'pretty confident' it can make a coronavirus vaccine
U China coronavirus: London and NYC among cities most at risk
U US health experts hosted fictional coronavirus  pandemic simulation three months ago
U China use its status as a major superpower to pressure the World Health Organisation.
U Doctors battling Wuhan coronavirus outbreak are wearing NAPPIES as there's no time for toilet.
U China coronavirus vaccine could take years to develop
U Dow Jones falls 150 points due to US Chinese coronavirus case
U Chinese woman who 'bragged about cheating airport coronavirus screenings' tracked down in France
U British teacher who lived next to Wuhan market says he may be spreading disease in UK "Wuhan, China's coronavirus epicentre, has SARS and Ebola lab"
U China coronavirus 'SUPER SPREADER' 14 health care workers
U Suspected coronavirus patient is wheeled out of a Chinese airport in a see-through quarantine box
U Satellite images show construction of Wuhan hospitals
U Coronavirus fears sees taxi driver don hazmat suit, goggles to pick up passenger
U Thousands of Costa cruise passengers allowed to disembark following coronavirus scare
U Asian students at ASU say coronavirus case at school has made other students treat them differently "Coronavirus death toll increases, here's the latest update on cases"
U China Halts Transportation Out Of Wuhan To Stop Spread Of Coronavirus
U Google joins hands with WHO to contain coronavirus outbreak "Coronavirus cases may be undercounted even with 3,000% surge"
U Coronavirus: ITBP creates 600-bedded facility in south Delhi "Coronavirus doesn’t discriminate, so neither should you"
U Man lies dead in the street in crisis-hit coronavirus city of Wuhan "Facebook bans coronavirus fake news, false cures and conspiracy theories"
U Dog owners buying face masks to protect pets from deadly coronavirus
U Italy confirms first two cases of coronavirus as passengers allowed off cruise "Sanitary towels, fruit, and bottles used as masks in desperate bid to avoid coronavirus"
U Man died in Chinatown after people ‘refused to give CPR over coronavirus fears’
U Harrowing footage shows dog yelping as it is barbecued alive in street market
U 6,000 passengers trapped on cruise ship as two are tested for deadly coronavirus
U British dad may be forced to leave newborn son at coronavirus ground zero
U People are searching ‘Corona beer virus’ after confusing lager with coronavirus
U China Open postponed due to coronavirus will have huge impact on World Championship seeding and qualification
U Travellers beat China virus lockdown via bridge over the Yangtze
U Etihad suspends flights between Beijing and Japan’s Nagoya on low demand "Russia’s consumer safety watchdog, after reporting two cases, says virus won’t spread"
U Germany expects coronavirus vaccine within months
U France's Pasteur Institute Foundation hoping to develop coronavirus vaccine
U Coronavirus: top Hong Kong medical school flouts health guidelines as it lets staff working on mainland to skip quarantine "Coronavirus: Lawmaker, local factory team for reusable, antibacterial masks, though efficacy against viruses unknown"
U Coronavirus: number of cases in Hong Kong could jump almost 2,000 per cent in next two weeks, scientist predicts
U Hongkongers’ online orders for masks cancelled as overseas suppliers report shortages
U China’s unemployment risks surge as service providers bear the brunt of coronavirus outbreak
U India’s homeopathic ‘cure’ for coronavirus ‘immature and irresponsible’
U Hong Kong Airlines to cut hundreds of jobs as its finances worsen amid coronavirus outbreak "Coronavirus: more than 500 doctors, health care workers in Hong Kong join calls for border closure with mainland China, threatening strikes in strongly worded letters to officials"
U Pressure builds on Hong Kong hotels to turn away guests from mainland
U Tens of millions of masks on way to Hong Kong and prisoners will work around the clock to make more as city confirms its 12th case
U Japan bans coronavirus-infected travellers after outcry over lax response "China goes global in search for protective suits, masks and goggles as coronavirus infections begin to take off"
U Hubei residents found in Hong Kong hotels, but security chiefs say they are powerless to isolate or deport them
U Tensions high as thousands queue in Hong Kong desperate for masks, many leaving empty-handed
U The Hongkongers whose livelihoods depend on being able to cross the border
U Hong Kong and mainland passengers descend on West Kowloon station ahead of widespread suspensions to cross-border travel
U Coronavirus is ‘rubbing salt into the wounds’ of Hong Kong’s tourism industry caused by anti-government protests
U Chinese health experts warn patients can get reinfected
U US citizen evacuated from Wuhan quarantined after trying to flee baseU 
U Two Hongkongers infected in mainland China as city gets 10th confirmed coronavirus case "China coronavirus: Hong Kong professor Yuen Kwok-yung says effectiveness of drugs could be judged within weeks, with tests due to start in city"
U "Hong Kong protesters disrupt MTR services, declare ‘dawn of anti-epidemic’ strikes over government’s handling of Wuhan coronavirus outbreak"
U "Hong Kong unemployment rate expected to hit 2003 levels at up to 5 per cent under Sars, as Wuhan coronavirus deals new blow to protest-hit economy and tourism"
U Hong Kong scrambles to roll out containment plan stopping short of total closure, with cuts on cross-border travel and reduced transport services with mainland
U Canadian coronavirus profiteers run rampant as Vancouver donates thousands of N95 medical masks to Wuhan
U Wilbur Ross says coronavirus could bring jobs back to the US from China
U Hong Kong medical workers draw fortune sticks to decide who works in coronavirus quarantine wards "China coronavirus: fear of infection, lack of consultation drive defiance over Hong Kong quarantine plan"
U "China coronavirus: Hong Kong health minister admits Hubei entry ban ‘not 100 per cent effective’, ahead of meeting to discuss new measures against contagion"
U Demand for face masks surges amid short supply in Hong Kong as government denies accusation it stockpiled safety gear for internal use
U Baby with fever put in Hong Kong isolation ward as a ‘precaution’ after father failed to reveal he works at mainland hospital "China coronavirus: Hong Kong police, protesters clash in Fanling as anger erupts over proposal to use housing block as quarantine site"
U Influencers Tell TikTok to Stop Purging Their Videos
U Outbreaks of xenophobia in west as coronavirus spreads
U A man lies dead in the street: the image that captures the Wuhan coronavirus crisis 'The city is suffocating': diary of the Wuhan coronavirus lockdown
U Hongkongers take no chances with deadly coronavirus
U British family heads for exit flight after Chinese wife allowed to board
U British resident of Wuhan: 'Government won't let my wife leave with me'
U The Coronavirus Is Now Infecting People Who Haven't Traveled to China
U A Costco sample-stand worker turned away a kid wearing a face mask because she thought he was from China and could give her the coronavirus &#39;I&#39;m in an apocalypse:&#39; American student trapped in coronavirus-hit Chinese city
U Thousands on virus lockdown at China-backed plant in Indonesia
U More than 6,000 people are trapped on a cruise ship in Italy after a woman was suspected of having the coronavirus
U The coronavirus could cost China's economy $60 billion
U Alibaba billionaire Jack Ma, China&#39;s richest man, pledged $14.5 million to fight the coronavirus
U U.S. coronavirus evacuee from China placed under quarantine order after trying to flee base
U The outbreaks of both the Wuhan coronavirus and SARS likely started in Chinese wet markets.
U As the coronavirus spreads, fear is fueling racism and xenophobia
U To mask or not to mask: confusion spreads over coronavirus protection "As residents clamour for surgical masks in coronavirus-hit Hong Kong, 25,000 stolen from warehouse"
U A British woman offered an evacuation flight out of Wuhan says she was told to leave her 3-year-old son behind
U China’s race to build temporary hospitals to fight coronavirus ‘too little too late’
U Lysol sprays and Clorox wipes may fight coronavirus.
U American trapped in Wuhan: Despite coronavirus, I won&#39;t evacuate without my wife and son
U Trump got the number of US coronavirus patients wrong in a tweet about how he&#39;s on top of the outbreak
U "'China is doing a great job' on coronavirus, says pathogens specialist at largest US public health-care system"
U Asian students at Arizona State University say they&#39;re being treated differently after a case of the Wuhan coronavirus was confirmed there
U American Airlines pilots sue to halt US-China flights amid coronavirus fears
U The Coronavirus and China and Quarantines May Cause a Global Recession
U Hong Kong universities impose forced quarantine on students returning from mainland over coronavirus fears 'I'm in an apocalypse': U.S. student trapped in coronavirus-hit Wuhan
U The Wuhan coronavirus seems to have a low fatality rate, and most patients make full recoveries.
U Anti-China sentiment spreads abroad along with coronavirus
U Pasteur Institute eyes coronavirus vaccine in 2021
U China ‘is covering up number of dead’ says teacher stranded in Wuhan
U Goldman Sachs warns that the coronavirus could slow the US economy
U British dad trapped in Wuhan with newborn as he couldn’t get to airport in time
U "Panic in markets: If Coronavirus is not tamed, trade with China may slump"
U Blackstone's Byron Wien: Coronavirus causes 'maximum level of uncertainty' but won't trigger recession
U Coronavirus Has Europe Treating Chinese People Like the Plague
U Coronavirus Seems to Be Striking More Adults Than Kids
U CDC says its coronavirus test could fail to flag patients who don't yet have symptoms "US coronavirus evacuees being kept under 14-day quarantine, CDC says"
U Packages from coronavirus-hit China are safe to handle
U Central American countries limit entry from China to fight coronavirus "If China fails to contain the coronavirus outbreak, the price will be paid by all"
U China says U.S. move to raise travel warning is inappropriate
U India unit of SAIC warns of sales hit due to coronavirus outbreak
U CDC director says risk to U.S. public from coronavirus is low
U Nearly 200 Americans airlifted from China placed under coronavirus quarantine
U Trump: Coronavirus will have ‘a very good ending for us’
U Mark Mobius says investors should look to emerging markets — virus impact will be 'temporary'
U Anger over the Wuhan virus is sparking pushback against censorship in China. It won't last.
U Wuhan doctors beaten up, overworked, under supplied
U The shunned: People from virus-hit city tracked, quarantined
U China is using drones to scold people for going outside and not wearing masks amid the coronavirus outbreak
U For Trump administration, coronavirus quarantine presents a fine balancing act
U If the China coronavirus doesn’t get you in Malaysia, fake, racist news about it might
U Australians trapped in Wuhan say they need to pay $673 to be rescued
U German air force evacuates citizens from Wuhan; gives China 10,000 protective suits
U McDonald's to Toyota, companies fear for business in China
U As Wuhan Coronavirus Drags on Chinese Markets, the World Economy Braces for a Slowdown
U China Red Cross under fire for poor delivery of coronavirus supplies
U Macau casino revenue drops 11.3 percent in January as coronavirus worries mount "UK withdraws some staff from China embassy, consulates due to coronavirus"
U Chinese locked down in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan fight despair and boredom with humour
U More than half of China extends shutdown over virus
U A traditional Chinese remedy said to help fight Wuhan coronavirus sparks skepticism -- and panic buying
U Researchers make strides in race to create coronavirus vaccine
U Chinese residents ‘ordered to cull pets amid fears they may spread coronavirus’
U Hong Kong parents demand government cover tuition fees for coronavirus-cancelled classes
U China slams Trump's coronavirus travel limits: 'Not a gesture of goodwill'
U Chinese man busted paddling wooden tub across Yangtze River to escape virus lockdown
U Coronavirus lurking in feces may reveal hidden risk of spread
U China Chernobyl? Communism Is the Reason Coronavirus Is So Dangerous.
U Woman in China arrested for ‘refusing to wear mask’ as coronavirus crisis deepens
U Traditional Chinese remedy said to help fight Wuhan coronavirus sparks panic buying
U Anger over the Wuhan virus is sparking pushback against censorship
U Up to 75,000 could be infected with coronavirus in Wuhan, says Lancet study
U The coronavirus is just starting to have an impact on the globe's economy and politics
U Investors rush into biotechs working on coronavirus vaccine
U Coronavirus ‘is being weaponised as a way to be openly racist’
U China reports outbreak of deadly bird flu among chickens in Hunan province but no human cases yet
U Muscled-up Chinese cosplayer puts her fantasy costumes aside to help fight against coronavirus
U Bournemouth fans ridiculed for wearing club-branded coronavirus face masks
U China outbreak forces Hyundai to suspend flagship SUV production
U Worried Chinese tourists don face masks to visit Windsor Castle
U Quarantined Brits are allowed OUTSIDE at anti-coronavirus
U X-rays show effect that killer virus had on 33-year-old's vital organs
U ormer patient at unit where two people are being treated for coronavirus says it 'felt like ET'
U ustralian family in Coronavirus epicentre Wuhan in China refuse to come back home
U UC Berkeley faces backlash after stating 'xenophobia' is 'common' or 'normal' reaction to coronavirus
U Wuhan woman screams as Chinese authorities barricade her inside own home
U "Coronavirus may have sprung from 'perfect mixing pot,' infectious disease doctor says"
U "Outcasts in their own country, the people of Wuhan are the unwanted faces of China's coronavirus outbreak"
U ‘Please take my daughter’: Mother of girl in Wuhan with cancer pleads at virus blockade
U Coronavirus: Hong Kong health workers to strike in border row with China
U Working from home a novel, occasionally frustrating, experience for Hongkongers used to rhythms of office life
U Coronavirus grown in lab outside China for first time, aiding the search for vaccine
U Fears of new virus trigger anti-China sentiment worldwide
U China says Wuhan coronavirus victims who die should be quickly cremated without funerals as death toll rises
U "Hong Kong’s largest quarantine site with 300 homes to be ready in one to two months, sources say as city remains in grip of coronavirus outbreak"
U Local Red Cross under fire over China coronavirus donation mess
U Herbal remedies for the coronavirus spark debate in China
U China’s private sector business capital on lockdown as coronavirus takes its toll
U China to inject US$174 billion of liquidity into markets amid new coronavirus outbreak
U 10 days of hospital building in 60 seconds "New Wuhan hospital ready in 10 days, Chinese army to oversee"
U China's reaction to the coronavirus violates human rights
U Indian industry may get to fill gap left by Chinese traders
U China May Produce Another Coronavirus
U China not embracing U.S. help on coronavirus, Americans in next-door Kazakhstan
U hina moves to limit short selling as virus outbreak looms over financial market reopening
U China hit by second deadly virus as bird flu strikes near coronavirus city
U "Cocktail of flu, HIV drugs may help fight Coronavirus, say Thai doctors"
U Coronavirus could be ‘death blow’ for many of China’s small manufacturers if not under control by April
U Something else may be spreading in Hong Kong amid coronavirus outbreak and anti-government protests – ‘xenophobia’ against mainland Chinese "Coronavirus
U China to subsidize interest payments for some firms hit by virus outbreak - state media
U Chinese markets plunge as investors finally get a chance to react to the coronavirus outbreak
U Number of deaths from Wuhan coronavirus overtakes SARS in China
U China manufacturing outlook worsened in January, even before coronavirus outbreak
U The Wuhan coronavirus death toll in mainland China has overtaken SARS "China’s rate cuts in response to coronavirus ‘too marginal’ to help economy, analyst says"
U Chinese stocks crash as outbreak gloom infects markets
U Shut out of WHO, Taiwan faces flight bans, update delays in virus crisis
U Experts say Wuhan coronavirus will likely become a pandemic "Coronavirus hospital with 1,500 beds opens after just 10 days"
U China says U.S. creating, spreading fear after virus outbreak
U China starts clinical trials for new antiviral drug to treat coronavirus.
U Not one but four tests later, Chinese man finally confirmed with coronavirus
U Chinese cerebral palsy victim dies after caretaker quarantined for virus
U China accuses U.S. of scaremongerng over coronavirus
U China orders families of coronavirus victims to cremate them
U Heart-breaking video shows puppies abandoned on a construction site in China due to coronavirus
U Police BARRICADE screaming woman in her home with iron bars in Wuhan to stop coronavirus spreading
U Built In 10 days, China's Virus Hospital Takes 1st Patients
U Coronavirus will ‘hit China’s economy but not as much as Sars’
U China's Xi says coronavirus control the most important task
U China says good communication with Taiwan on coronavirus
U In virus-stricken Wuhan, animal lovers break into homes to save pets
U Uber freezes many accounts after flagging a possible coronavirus case
U Photos show Wuhan Huoshenshan Hospital built in 10 days
U Coronavirus tally in epicentre Wuhan may be ‘just the tip of the iceberg’
U Chinese military takes control of medical supplies in Wuhan
U Hong Kong man who ‘cheated woman by claiming he had 10 boxes of face masks’ held in custody
U These are the 11 US 'enhanced health screening' airports "US military ready to house 1,000 for virus quarantine"
U China sees bird flu outbreak near coronavirus epicenter: report
U Mixed results in testing HIV drugs against coronavirus
U "‘Striking’ coronavirus mutations found within one family cluster, Chinese scientists say"
U Chinese government 'will spray disinfectant on an entire CITY tonight'
U Philippines' Duterte says xenophobia against Chinese must stop
U Several Chinese doctors are detained after warning on social media of 'a SARS-like flu at a Wuhan market'
U Top WHO official warns world may be 'dangerously unprepared' for next pandemic as coronavirus outbreak spreads
U "Coronavirus may transmit through digestive tract, report finds"
U China considers lowering 2020 growth expectations.
U Gilead Sciences testing antiviral drug to treat coronavirus
U Chinese woman detained for hiding virus contact history: Xinhua
U Chinese cerebral palsy victim dies after caretaker quarantined for virus
U "Coronavirus may disrupt China’s diplomatic agenda, US trade deal, observers say"
U "WHO virus team could go to China this week, may include US officials"
U "NIH doctor says 25% of coronavirus cases in China are 'very serious,' requiring 'intensive care'"
U Foreign Office saved my baby: Brit dad hails officials for 'hiding' Chinese son's birth certificate
U "Coronavirus: US actions are ‘science based’ and aren’t overreaction, health official says"
U Global markets rally after biggest Chinese fall in five years
U Chinese private school pupils face coronavirus quarantine if they travel home
U Trump praised China’s response to the coronavirus outbreak
U Chinese citizens turn to virus tracker apps to avoid infected neighborhoods
U Coronavirus: China admits 'shortcomings and deficiencies'
U Hong Kong medical workers strike to demand total border closure
U "Coronavirus outbreak may impact India Inc's fund-raising via IPOs, QIPs"
U NHS staff ‘evicted from their homes to make way for coronavirus evacuees’
U The coronavirus is clobbering oil prices
U Russia may deport foreigners with coronavirus
U Exhausted coronavirus doctors in Wuhan pictured sleeping on floors
U China's leadership admits ‘shortcomings’ in coronavirus response
U As China goes back to work after Lunar New Year,the coronavirus will spread even more rapidly
U Coronavirus: in Taiwan, the deadly virus is the H1N1 flu
U Hongkonger in Hubei feeling ‘helpless’ after told family must ‘stay put’ during lockdown of province
U Hong Kong’s Striking Hospital Workers Pose New Threat to Beijing
U Production boost said easing shortage of medical supplies in hard-hit Hubei province, but scarcity persists
U "New coronavirus may be no more dangerous than the flu, despite worldwide alarm: experts"
U "Taiwan evacuates first group from Wuhan, announces limit on mask purchases"
U China state media urges investors not to panic over market slide on coronavirus outbreak
U "Disturbing footage shows snakes, bats and possums sold openly at a Wuhan market"
U Gordon Chang: 'Overwhelmed' Chinese authorities are deliberately falsifying coronavirus death toll
U China's virus-stricken Wuhan converts buildings into hospitals
U Taiwan calls China 'vile' for restricting island's access to WHO on coronavirus
U "Stranded, quarantined, doxxed: how coronavirus made pariahs of those who left Wuhan"
U A Chinese student snuck into Australia despite coronavirus ban after lying to immigration
U Disabled Chinese boy dies while father in virus quarantine
U Scientists say the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak could soon be declared a pandemic. Here&#39;s what that means.
U China coronavirus curbs leave Hubei poultry farmers with 'no way to get by'
U China coronavirus curbs deny Hubei poultry farmers access to credit; "Xi Jinping’s absence from coronavirus frontline"
U China could spend billions buying stocks if the coronavirus panic continues. It's done it before
U Coronavirus sends Asia’s social media censors into overdrive
U Coronavirus could delay China's 5G rollout as it tries to race ahead of the US
U Wuhan turns sports halls and exhibition centres into coronavirus hospitals overnight
U African students stranded in coronavirus heartland Wuhan plead with embassies
U Whistleblower arrested for ‘revealing how many bodies there are in Wuhan’
U Love in the time of coronavirus: Chinese bride won’t let epidemic spoil her big day in India
U "A county in China is offering people $140 to tell on neighbors who have visited Wuhan, and another is threatening the death penalty to anyone deliberately spreading the coronavirus"
U British nationals told to leave China over virus risk "Coronavirus could easily tip China into a technical recession, economist warns"
U Coronavirus patient gives birth to healthy baby girl as medics pose in hazmat gear
U "Hong Kong man arrested, suspected of spreading fake news on coronavirus"
U Cambodia says China too busy fighting virus to organize PM trip to Wuhan
U Woman scared off rapist by coughing and saying she was from Wuhan
U Chinese tabloid jokes about thermal cameras seeing farts amid coronavirus outbreak
U Devastated Chinese daughter cries after her mother died of coronavirus
U “Flying into Wuhan was otherworldly, the normally crackling busy airspace was dead silent.” IAF C-17 pilot who captained rescue flight to Wuhan exactly a month ago, joins me on @IndiaToday with the amazing story of his mission. Must watch @ 1.30pm on @IndiaToday TV.
U Experts warn coronavirus can last up to 5 days on shoes
U The coronavirus pandemic is tapping into our worst fears and early traumas, says psychotherapist Dr. Bethany Marshall.
U Trump administration expects coronavirus test availability to increase
U Coronavirus impacting blood donations, could cause shortage, agencies warn
U California officials warn against coronavirus-related hate crimes
U Coronavirus cases in US should not cause mass panic, experts warn: 'You are more at risk for the flu'
U Investigators looking into the COVID-19 mystery could be one step closer to unmasking "patient zero." A seafood merchant in Wuhan, China, is believed to be the first person diagnosed as having the coronavirus who can be linked back to a wet market in China, leaked documents allege. 
U Coronavirus bill provision that GOP critics warn could fuel layoffs likely to remain
U Surgeon General warns US could be worse than Italy if 15-day guidelines are disregarded
U Coronavirus bill hits hurdles as Sanders threatens to stall package over bid to change unemployment aid
U Trump administration expects coronavirus test availability to increase
U “We may very well see a recession” because of the coronavirus outbreak.
U The 31 wildest lines from Donald Trump's self-congratulatory coronavirus press conference
U Americans are stockpiling food and toys for their pets during the coronavirus crisis.
U A Michigan health system has acknowledged it's preparing for hard life-and-death decisions after a hospital letter was circulated detailing who would be able to receive life-saving resources during the coronavirus pandemic if there's not enough equipment
U Medical schools across the US are considering early graduation for their senior medical students to become doctors, as demand for health care providers rises due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
U At least 512 New York Police Department employees have tested positive for coronavirus as of Friday morning, a senior NYPD official tells CNN. 442 are uniformed members of the forces. 4,122 – about 11% of the NYPD work force – are out sick.
U New Rochelle’s coronavirus trajectory “gives us some reason for cautious optimism,” says Mayor Noam Bramson. “Because of those early restrictions, we’re now seeing some indication that the rate of increase in the virus is moderating.”
U The response to the coronavirus pandemic has been unprecedented in terms of speed and scale. Commitments from governments and central banks to date are close to $7 trillion。
U A 101-year-old Italian man who tested positive for coronavirus has been released from hospital。
U "We also see hot spots like Detroit, like Chicago, like New Orleans that will have a worse week next week than what they had this week". Certain US "hot spots" are expected to see an even harder hit next week, US Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams warns.
U During the coronavirus pandemic, it's best to revert from contact lens to glasses, experts suggest, to keep from spreading the virus -- and possibly getting it.
U Multiple sources say that there was frustration among FEMA employees over being brought into coronavirus response too late, coupled with fear the agency would ultimately take blame for the bungled response.
U "No matter where you are, this is coming to you." Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti had a grim warning about the coronavirus pandemic for cities in California and across the country.
U As the coronavirus pandemic sweeps the globe, women's access to abortion is one of many healthcare provisions thrown into jeopardy.
U President Trump delivered another series of false and misleading claims at the White House coronavirus briefing on Thursday.
U Coronavirus has disrupted most areas of life — and home buying and selling are no exception.
U Health care professionals have repeatedly refuted comments from a White House adviser suggesting that the media is overstating the need for personal protective equipment in hospitals amid the novel coronavirus pandemic.
U any House members are scrambling to book flights and return to Washington amid concerns that they could be requested to show up in person and vote on the stimulus, sources say
U "We see an increase of severely ill patients coming into the emergency department," says Dr. Sylvie de Souza about how her hospital is handling coronavirus patients. "The decisions we are faced with right now are basically who gets an ICU bed, who gets it first."
U Unable to enter the hospital due to coronavirus, grandparents meet a brand new baby girl through the window.
U A record number of Americans filed for their first week of unemployment benefits last week as public health guidelines have shuttered businesses and kept workers at home
U US goverment may release at-risk inmates due to the spread of coronavirus.
U "We're entering into a tough period...If we do it right, we'll only have to do it once for 6 to 10 weeks, but...it has to be the whole country."
U Bill Gates says the US hasn't yet peaked and needs further shutdowns amid the coronavirus pandemic
U As grocery store shelves are emptied, supply chains are disrupted and school environments are shifting, it's time to ensure free and easy access to period products for those who can't afford them,
U "Just soap and water can be very effective, even more effective than the hand sanitizers."
U Dr. Anthony Fauci: "We are hoping ... that we will see that impact of warmer weather on bringing the infection rate down. But you can't guarantee it because this is a brand-new virus."
U British police have been given new powers to enforce a stay-at-home order, including arresting people in violation
U US stock futures were up in after-hours trading, continuing the positive momentum in recent days aided by action from US lawmakers to support the economy
U "The atmosphere is so tense...Someone very thoughtfully brought food to the intensive care unit for all the staff, and it was, like, hardly touched...We are in this constant state of paranoia and fear." - Dr. Lakshmana Swamy, an ICU doctor at Boston Medical Center, on coronavirus
U The US Army says mitigation efforts to blunt coronavirus' spread "have proven insufficient" within it and it is suspending "non-mission essential functions," including certain non-critical and physical fitness training, according to an internal directive
U Three unaccompanied migrant children in government custody have tested positive for coronavirus
U Chicago and Detroit are demonstrating a concerning spread of coronavirus
U The federal government isn’t stepping in to coordinate the purchase and allocation of supplies during the coronavirus crisis.
U Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti says his city “may become the new, New York” when discussing the coronavirus pandemic.
U “You wouldn’t take a firefighter and ask him to run into a burning building in a bathing suit and that’s what they are asking us to do.” Dr. Lisa Dabby, an emergency medicine physician at UCLA Health, says she has a “terrible fear” of running out of protective equipment.
U The $2 trillion stimulus package will allow homeowners hurt by the coronavirus crisis to postpone mortgage payments for up to 12 months. But that threatens to spark a crippling cash crunch in the real estate finance industry unless the Fed steps in.
U The US now has more coronavirus cases reported than Italy
U Two paramedics in Israel, a Muslim and Jew, take a break to pray together. One prayed in the direction of Mecca, the other toward Jerusalem.
U President Trump told US governors that his administration was preparing to issue new, potentially more relaxed social distancing guidelines
U In the seventh straight year of Venezuela's bitter economic downfall, local doctors warn that this once-wealthy country has few defenses against the global coronavirus pandemic
U About half of the US' coronavirus cases are in New York.
U Heart injury could be a common condition in patients hospitalized with Covid-19, according to a new study that also shows it's linked to a greater risk of death among those patients.
U Hedge fund billionaire Bill Ackman has a solution to end the coronavirus threat and prevent the US economy from total collapse: shut down everything for a month.
U At least 1,046 people have died due to coronavirus in the United States
U About 25% of all coronavirus testing nationwide has been performed by New York state
U A southwest Georgia hospital system that's reporting about a fourth of the state's coronavirus deaths now says one hospital has reached capacity in three ICU units.
U Cuba is offering to send doctors to more countries struggling with the coronavirus. But don't accept their help, the US State Department says.
U A woman purposely coughed on $35,000 worth of food at a Pennsylvania grocery store, police said. She likely faces criminal charges for coughing, one of the primary ways the novel coronavirus spreads.
U “This is going to be the disaster that’s going to define our generation,” says Collin Arnold, director of the New Orleans Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. The city’s food banks will be out of food in two days, he tells
U Ford is considering reopening a number of US and Mexican plants in the coming weeks that were closed because of the coronavirus outbreak.
U Individuals who intentionally spread the novel coronavirus could be charged with terrorism for the purposeful exposure and infection of others
U A 96-year-old woman in South Korea has become the oldest patient in the country to fully recover from the novel coronavirus.
U The number of coronavirus cases in California is doubling every three to four days, the state's top health official has said.
U Smoking, drinking and general poor health are some of the factors that could explain why more men seem to be dying from coronavirus than women, researchers say
U New Yorkers express worries over unemployment as the coronavirus crisis puts millions out of work.
U Former President Obama is urging Americans to continue social distancing in an effort to stem the spread of coronavirus, a noticeable difference in tone from his successor, who has publicly suggested opening up the nation in two weeks to boost the economy.
U A man under federal investigation for plotting an attack at a hospital believed to be treating coronavirus patients was shot and killed Tuesday during an FBI operation to arrest him, people familiar with the investigation said.
U A cruise ship with 77 sick people aboard is heading to Florida and is expected to dock next week. All 1,243 guests have been asked to stay in their rooms, and no testing for Covid-19 is available on the ship, according to a statement
U Retailers are ordering up to six times their normal egg volumes
U At least 13 patients have died from COVID-19 at Elmhurst Hospital in New York, a spokesman said, as one of the hardest hit states sees a surge in cases
U The UN is urging governments “not to forget those behind bars” and protect the staff members working in those facilities.
U The pandemic rescue bill's staggering size is the most public expression of the historic scale of the coronavirus disaster, and the fragility of the systems that sustain American life
U Doctors in India say they are being discriminated against over fears they may be infected after working with coronavirus patients. Some doctors have even reported being evicted, or facing threats that their electricity will be cut off.
U Bernie Sanders lambasted Republican senators who had objected to provisions in the $2 trillion coronavirus stimulus package that they said would incentivize unemployment, accusing them of fixating on minor perks for workers amid a crisis.
U While the US has overtaken South Korea in total numbers of coronavirus tests administered, it has conducted far fewer tests per capita.
U Too many of us are treating the novel coronavirus as if it's a private affair, and that will get people killed, writes @fordvox for @cnnopinion
U A German scientist made a coronavirus test back in January, and shared it with the world to give countries outside China a head-start on beating the disease.
U All Mormon temples worldwide are closing due to the coronavirus pandemic.
U "There's absolutely no evidence that America will be back to business as usual by Easter, despite the President's claim tonight that it is time."
U The US hasn't conducted enough tests to know how widespread the coronavirus is, warned Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases professor at Vanderbilt University Medical Center
U Americans are stockpiling eggs during the coronavirus crisis as they cook more meals at home.
U The main list of acute symptoms at this time is actually quite short and can appear anywhere from two to 14 days after exposure to coronavirus.
U Opening schools and businesses too early could cause a resurgence of coronavirus
U People around the world are going out on their balconies or opening their windows to cheer for the healthcare workers fighting the coronavirus pandemic, in an effort inspired by a Twitter campaign
U Dr. Anthony Fauci says he believes it is “more likely than not” that there will be another seasonal coronavirus wave, raising the urgency for the creation and preparation of a vaccine.
U The US Army has reached out to retired medical personnel to possibly volunteer to support the coronavirus response effort
U Sen. Bernie Sanders slams President Trump for suggesting the country could lift most coronavirus restrictions by Easter. “You have got a President who is arrogant, who is ignorant, who is self centered. To me, this is as dangerous as he gets.”
U With traditional campaigning abandoned and Joe Biden hunkered down at home due to the coronavirus pandemic
U Half or more of New York city residents will eventually get coronavirus, predicts New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio
U New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio says he fears April will be worse than March, and May will be worse than April in terms of coronavirus cases in the city: “I don’t think we are going to be ok by Easter.” 
U At New York City’s Bellevue Hospital, a makeshift morgue including tents and refrigerated trucks is being set up in preparation for what may be a surge in the need for autopsies
U Doctors took this baby to the neonatal intensive care unit as soon as he was born. But now, his parents can't visit him anymore because of concerns about coronavirus.
U With global travel at a standstill — and millions of people projected to contract Covid-19 in the coming months — governments around the world are looking to otherwise closed hotels as a way to alleviate stresses on overburdened health systems
U At least 69 students at New York University's medical school may graduate three months early to help in the fight against the novel coronavirus
U US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the Trump administration expects to issue direct payments to taxpayers within three weeks of a stimulus package being signed into law
U Military labs have still not conducted a single coronavirus test on a civilian more than a week after Secretary of Defense Mark Esper offered up to help test civilians
U "Covid-19 feels so strange to Americans, but especially Louisianans," Robert Lalka writes for @CNNOpinion. He says people in Louisiana have been too slow to adopt to social distancing, but they must comply and stay at home because lives depend on it.
U The State Department is tracking 50,000 Americans who might seek assistance returning to the US
U The commissioner of the US Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Stephen Hahn, is warning against self-medicating with any form of chloroquine phosphate unless prescribed by a doctor
U States seem to have varying standards for what constitutes an "essential business." Florists in Delaware can still deliver bouquets. In Pennsylvania, medical marijuana dispensaries are OK — but liquor stores aren't. And you can still play golf in Arizona.
U New Orleans Mayor LaToya Cantrell says she is asking for "clean scrubs" because Tulane Hospital is running low on supplies
U With additional commercial and private labs coming online, the number of Californians getting tested for coronavirus has tripled.
U As the coronavirus pandemic grows, Floridians have been rushing to gun shops
U "We ended up getting our first positive patients -- and that's when all hell broke loose," said one New York City doctor, describing a hospital that was woefully unprepared for an influx of Covid-19 patients that has already stretched resources thin
U World Health Organization officials warn that, globally, there is a "significant shortage" of medical supplies, including personal protective gear
U President Trump gave Americans “a false sense of security” on coronavirus almost one month ago, and criticizes him for the “many lies he has told the nation.” “There is really no way of knowing how many lives were affected by that false sense of security.”
U Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned of a potential "complete lockdown" if coronavirus continues to spread throughout the country
U In just over a week and a half, more than one million Californians have filed for unemployment benefits
U President Trump, fearing an economic catastrophe ahead of the November election, is hoping to swiftly remove the severe health restrictions imposed to fight the coronavirus pandemic. But that could lay the groundwork for a repeat of the Great Depression.
U Nevada’s governor has signed an emergency regulation limiting the use of two anti-malaria drugs to treat coronavirus patients, the same medication that President Trump has touted as possible treatments
U Although many people around the world are practicing social distancing during the coronavirus pandemic, those on the frontlines fighting the virus can't stay home. Experts agree that robots could take over "dull, dirty and dangerous" jobs that humans do.
U Jordan eased one of the world's strictest lockdowns over the coronavirus after it prompted chaotic scenes in the country
U US Defense Secretary Mark Esper has signed an order freezing the movements of all US troops overseas due to the coronavirus pandemic
U President Trump's family businesses are included in a category of companies barred from receiving certain kinds of aid from the Treasury Department to ease the economic impact of the novel coronavirus pandemic.
U A leading epidemiologist advising the CDC estimates the peak of deaths in the US coronavirus pandemic will be three weeks from now, and says it may be possible to only isolate the vulnerable, allowing many back to work.
U President Trump and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin are pushing for an April 6 deadline of having direct payments issued to taxpayers who make less than a certain threshold, a White House official says, though lawmakers and IRS experts warn it could take longer
U There is currently no proven treatment or cure for Covid-19.
U Amazon warehouses are dealing with at least nine facilities hit so far with coronavirus cases
U Coronavirus test turnaround times range from 24 hours to a week or more
U Queen Elizabeth remains in "good health"
U The US Food and Drug Administration says it is expediting the use of a blood plasma treatment for patients seriously ill with the coronavirus, making it easier for doctors to try another tool to attack the illness.
U About 40 people who attended a farewell party in Connecticut in early March were exposed to Covid-19 after a partygoer was confirmed to have the coronavirus.
U President Donald Trump says he's hopeful Americans will be able to return to work in less than three weeks -- an outlook in stark contrast with that of world health officials who say the US may become the coronavirus pandemic's new epicenter.
U President Trump says he wants the nation "opened up and just raring to go" by April 12. Hong Kong's new wave of cases shows what happens when you go back to work too soon.
U "I am going to follow the science," says Illinois Gov. J.B Pritzker about President Trump's desire for the US to reopen by Easter. "I think that the President is premature. I think he's probably overly hopeful and not listening to the science."
U very respirator mask that's available right now should be going to a healthcare worker on the front lines, caring for coronavirus-infected patients, and should not be sold in stores to consumers
U At least one person in Kentucky is infected after partaking in a "coronavirus party" with a group of young adults, Gov. Andy Beshear says. They gathered "thinking they were invincible" and defied state guidance on social distancing, according to Beshear.
U More half of New Orleans' medical emergency services personnel is under quarantine due to the coronavirus pandemic
U Lawful vehicle and pedestrian border traffic is down around 70% compared to normal traffic flow amid the coronavirus pandemic
U Governors and hospitals are bidding against each other for life-saving supplies as they seek to combat the coronavirus pandemic — and a lack of White House guidelines is making things worse
U London's Mayor Sadiq Khan has hit back at criticism over the tube network's reduced service, telling local news outlets that Transport for London is operating the maximum number of tube services it can, while maintaining safety amid the coronavirus crisis
U A Los Angeles County resident is believed to be the first juvenile to have died from the novel coronavirus in the United States. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said the person was a teenager.
U New York City will initiate a pilot program of closing two streets per borough for outdoor exercise and for people to get fresh air, Mayor Bill de Blasio said. Every site will have authorities who will enforce social distancing policies due to coronavirus.
U A 31-year-old Mexican national is the first detainee in Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody to test positive for the novel coronavirus
U A Georgia congressman is urging Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to temporarily ban exports of medical supplies related to coronavirus over concerns that private companies will send supplies to foreign countries instead of states seeking the same equipment
U Medical workers in Spain account for more than 13% of the country's total coronavirus cases, according to a health official
U The Pentagon has issued a memo to “immediately postpone all elective surgeries, invasive procedures and dental procedures” in order to free up medical facilities and equipment as it responds to the coronavirus outbreak
U Two days after announcing coronavirus cases were climbing at a frightening clip — notably in two parishes that make up most of metro New Orleans — Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards made a plea for a major disaster declaration
U Aisne, a region in northern France, has banned the sale of alcohol while emergency measures due to coronavirus are in place. The ban has been put in place over an increasing risk of domestic violence due to restriction of movement, local police say.
U White House coronavirus official Dr. Birx says anyone who was in New York City should self-quarantine for 14 days after they left the metro area
U The Vatican has decided not to suspend its activities, instead limiting staff numbers and "encouraging remote work as much as possible," according to its press office.
U New York City will move to release 300 city inmates immediately due to Covid-19 concerns, Mayor Bill de Blasio says
U The US has reached out to South Korea and other nations for help in getting enough supplies to fight the coronavirus pandemic in a sharp counterpoint to President Trump's narrative that the domestic response is enough to combat the crisis
U Gun stores in Los Angeles have been declared a nonessential business and have been forced to close, L.A. County Sheriff Alex Villanueva said in a statement
U New York state is soaring in coronavirus case numbers, higher and faster than anywhere in America. But in recent days, numbers in Louisiana, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Florida and Georgia are also spiking fast, according to a CNN tally of Covid-19 cases.
U Military leaders are warning that the coronavirus crisis could last well into the summer, as President Trump seeks to open the economy back up. The challenge was underlined with the news that three US sailors tested positive for the virus while at sea.
U "It's not like one of these things you can do incrementally... if you give up too early you kind of erase the gains you've made," CNN's @drsanjaygupta says in response to President Trump wanting to phase out self-isolating guidelines when they expire.
U As the novel coronavirus spreads across the world, nearly every faith group has closed its holy sites and houses of worship. But there remain a defiant few pastors and religious leaders who refuse to close their doors.
U These Brooklyn residents are using online tools to organize free food deliveries for neighbors who've lost their jobs as the coronavirus ravages the US economy, or are too physically vulnerable to walk into a grocery store
U Cash is running out for small businesses around the country that have been forced to close or have seen a big slowdown because of the coronavirus pandemic. And many won't last long without help.
U Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden says President Trump should have enacted the Defense Production Act “a long time ago.” “It should have been enacted months ago. This is a position where we knew what is coming. All you got to do is look around the world.”
U As coronavirus cases continue to rise in the United States, the nation has "potential" to become the next epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic, a World Health Organization spokesperson says
U People stuck at home amid the coronavirus pandemic are being urged to support local restaurants by ordering to-go as part of the "Great American Takeout."
U Dr. Craig Spencer has worked as an epidemiologist in Africa and Southeast Asia and famously survived getting Ebola in 2014 after caring for patients in Guinea. The coronavirus scares him.
U "You pick the 26,000 people who are going to die because you only sent 400 ventilators" New York Gov. Cuomo criticized federal response to coronavirus, saying the Federal Emergency Management Agency sent the state 400 ventilators — but they need 30,000.
U Prime Minister Narendra Modi ordered a "complete" lockdown for India's 1.3 billion people on Tuesday, warning that "many families will be destroyed forever" if the country didn't get to grips with its coronavirus outbreak in the next three weeks.
U Millions of gig economy workers across the world are facing an impossible choice as a result of the coronavirus pandemic: break lockdown rules, or stay home and earn nothing.
U Spain’s health care system has been pushed to the brink in the coronavirus pandemic. One Spanish ICU nurse describes using garbage bags as medical gowns due to a shortage of protective equipment. 
U About two billion people worldwide are affected by a partial or total lockdown, curfew or some restrictions on their movement due to the coronavirus pandemic
U Predicting a three-month surge of coronavirus patients, California Gov. Gavin Newsom is calling for 50,000 more hospital beds
U A nurse from the Life Care Center in Kirkland, Washington, describes a war-like struggle as it became the epicenter of the first coronavirus outbreak inside the US. "There's lots of casualties and ... you can't see the enemy," she says.
U India appears to so far have avoided the full hit of the coronavirus pandemic. It has only 492 confirmed cases of coronavirus and nine deaths. But fears are growing that the country remains susceptible to a wider, potentially more damaging outbreak.
U Volunteers across the US have formed sewing groups to make as many masks as they can for hospitals in need of more supplies.
U While you're scrubbing your hands to help stop the spread of Covid-19, you're also killing off a host of other nasty bacteria and potentially lethal viruses that have plagued humans for centuries -- including influenza and other coronaviruses.