F Dr. Lieber, a nanoscientist and biochemist of Harvard University was indeed arrested by the US DOJ for allegedly making a false statement about his involvement with the Chinese government.
F A Video Shows Tablighi Jamaat Member Running Naked In An Isolation Ward.
F The Kenyan government has set the Maasai tribe on people and are adopting harsh steps for those who are flouting lockdown rules in the country.
F Those in Sector 5 Harola, Noida who came in contact with Tablighi Jamaat members were quarantined.
F Some countries throw Covid19 infected dead bodies into the seas. Advice to stop eating seafood. The World is really coming to an end. Dear God, please intervene.
F Vijayan was participating in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to observe a blackout and light candles and lamps on April 5, 2020 to dispel the darkness brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.
F The COVID-19 lockdown has impacted the stock of perishable food items, which were wasted due to a steep decline among buyers. The Indian government announced a nationwide lockdown of three weeks on March 24, to curb the transmission of the novel Coronavirus.
F The video clip shows Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi breaking Lock-down Regulations saying they need to visit friends. They conversed with a policeman  who stopped them from moving ahead and asks them to return in a car. The policeman can be seen telling them that prohibitory orders and Section 144 are in place, to which Rahul Gandhi responds, "we are not going in groups."
F A Muslim man was trying to spread the novel Coronavirus by spitting on the slices.
F An anti-terror mock drill to the coronavirus conducted by the Bikapur Police in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh.
F The World Health Organisation (WHO) has come up with a protocol and procedure for the COVID-19 lockdown and its subsequent implication that the lockdown in the country will extend till June end is false.
F Reporting on coronavirus, except by the government, is banned under the Disaster Management Act
F The Disaster Management Act (DMA) has been implemented across the country, according to which nobody except the government can update and post coronavirus related information on social media.
F Whales spotted at Bombay high oil rig! Following the lockdown and the ensuing restricted movement in the country, the wildlife is reclaiming their habitats.
F Due to the Brahmanical system a very tragic result has started to come out because the lockdown has been imposed in a wrong manner: a woman committed suicide after allegedly killing her three children.
F Rewa Police Beat On Temple Priest For Violating Lockdown Viral With Communal Spin
F Policemen in India are only being beaten because they were stopping people from breaking lockdown rules in the place.
F Tea prepared with different ingredients is a tested cure for COVID-19, the deadly disease caused by the Coronavirus.
F Tea made with lemon and bicarbonate (baking soda) alkalize the immune system as it becomes acidic in the night and that Israel has no deaths as Israelis regularly drink this concoction.
F Dr Li Wenliang, the Chinese whistleblower doctor who first raised alarm bells about a new virus and who died in detention, had also found a cure for Coronavirus in the form of green tea which was actively being given to the patients in Wuhan.
F The compounds in green tea can cure COVID-19.
F Italians Throw Their Money On The Streets Due To COVID-19 Deaths
F Dr. Li Wenliang, the whistleblower of the virus discovered a cure for COVID-19.
F Caffeine is a type of methylxanthine and helps in good airway control and affect viral infections.
F A video of policemen using batons on people in an alley is viral on social media calling the incident as police retaliation in Indore, Madhya Pradesh where a medical team was attacked by locals on April 1. The medics were visiting the area to screen locals for Coronavirus.
F A set of two images of rotis, embossed with Ab Ki Baar Modi Sarkar stamp, has resurfaced with claims that they were distributed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), during the ongoing nationwide lockdown due to the COVID-19 outbreak.
F A image where one of the three rotis are being stamped with the Ab Ki Baar Modi Sarkar slogan, are viral with netizens accusing the government of allegedly carrying out marketing gimmicks during a crisis.
F A Muslim man spitting on cops during the COVID-19 outbreak.
F The activist Trupti Desai was arrested while trying to buy liquor during a nationwide lockdown.
F Trupti Desai Was Detained Revived With Lockdown Twist
F A graphic from India Today claiming the ongoing 21-day lockdown set to end on April 14 has been extended to May 4, 2020.
F Dawoodi Bohra youth were licking used utensils, which is being done in mosques with an intention to spread the coronavirus and infect more people.
F PM Modi will lead a coronavirus task force of countries including the UK and US.
F 18 countries, including the United States (US) and the United Kingdom (UK), want India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead a task force to tackle the coronavirus pandemic.
F 18 nations including USA and UK wants NARENDER MODI as leader for TASK FORCE for CORONA..what a proud moment for INDIA..believe in him and INDIA will win.
F India's Financial Year Has Been Extended To July 1 Due To Coronavirus
F Today at Ahmedabad Riverfront hundreds of birds flying together in coordination... See how nature is celebrating the peaceful coexistence of Human and Non-human beings in Corona regime
F 52 WhatsApp group admins were detained by Mumbai Police's cyber crime cell in Dadar for allowing misleading messages about Coronavirus on their groups.
F A man in Mumbai talks about how people are not taking the lockdown order seriously and are still going out for strolls and walks. The man then says that he has instructed 'guards' to note down the numbers of vehicles which leave building societies and that barring a medical emergency, those vehicle owners will receive a 'chalan' as a fine. The man also says the police will prosecute whoever they find roaming outside.
F Mumbai police will take strict action to enforce the 21-day lockdown.
F India will see a spike in Coronavirus cases after March 27, 2020.
F The baby after being born, said every Indian should apply turmeric paste on the toe nail of their right foot to end the Coronavirus outbreak.
F A baby was born at a village with anencephaly - a serious birth defect - in which a baby is born without parts of the brain and skull, because of coronavirus.
F Important Information: We've received information that a girl child was born at a hospital in Nagelao village of Ajmer district. Immediately after her birth, the baby said that to contain the Cronavirus outbreak in India, every person in the country should apply turmeric paste on the toenail of their right foot. This will help in ending Corona outbreak and people will be safe. The baby died after this leaving even the doctor in a state of shock. We therefore request you to apply turmeric paste on our right toenail to stay safe from Corona.
F A Chinese intelligence officer has leaked details on how the coronavirus outbreak is supposedly caused by a bioweapon.
F A Chinese intelligence officer who claims to reveal the true origins of the current coronavirus pandemic. According to the officer, the novel Coronavirus is not a virus at all but a bioweapon that was leaked when a Chinese "traitor" tried to sell it to the United States.
F Home Ministry in India said posting anything related to Coronavirus on social media has been declared a punishable offence by the government.
F In India, all honorable members of the group are informed that right now any post related to Corona virus has been declared a punishable offense by the Central Government, only a government agency can post on Corona.
F Red Alert: These areas have been blacklisted 1. Nal Bazar 2. Mohd Ali Road 3. Bhindi Bazar 4. Dongri 5. Madanpura 6. Kala Pani 7. Saat Rasta ! The blacklisted areas are beyond police control so the police has called in the military. now the military will keep a strict vigil on these areas and can use baton and rubber bullets to bring things under control. So, please stop venturing out of your houses immediately. Share this with everyone.
F Police in Spain were roughing up civilians to enforce a lockdown due to the Coronavirus, with brute force. A caption reads 'This is lockdown in Spain. You guys in India are lucky...u just get caned'.
F The Bombay High Court (HC) has ordered an extension of the ongoing lockdown in the state till April 30.
F Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced a week-long internet shut down in India.
F Prime Minister Narendra Modi Announced To Shut Down Internet Services For 1 Week, To Avoid Panic In Public Through Social Media.
F Amit Shah Tests Positive For Coronavirus
F Home Minister Amit Shah has tested positive for the novel Coronavirus after recently visiting Italy.
F Home minister Amit Shah has contracted Coronavirus. Last week he had visited Italy, and did not get tested after coming back causing further infection.
F Prince Charles Infected With Coronavirus After Meeting Singer Kanika Kapoor
F Photographs of Prince Charles with Bollywood singer Kanika Kapoor started doing the rounds with claims that the latter transmitted the virus to the British royal.
F Chinese authorities said patient zero of the Coronavirus had sex with bats.
F Chinese authorities identified a 24-year old man Yin Dao Tang from Hubei province as the first case of the novel coronavirus that emerged on November 17.
F A 24-year old man Yin Dao Tang from Hubei province is believed to have contracted the disease after indulging in sexual acts with several animals, including bats.
F A Netflix Show, South Korean drama My Secret Terrius had predicted the COVID-19 outbreak.
F US President Donald Trump were thanking pharma company Roche because a vaccine against the deadly novel Coronavirus is ready.
F Great news! Carona virus vaccine ready. Able to cure patient within 3 hours after injection. Hats off to US Scientists. Right now Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday, and millions of doses are ready from it !!!
F Bodies packed in body bags are being dumped in mass graves in Italy and Spain
F In Italy, mass graves being dug for victims of a virus plaguing the city.
F A photo of a herd of deer lounging in the middle of the road in Japan's Nara region is being shared with the claim that it is from Ooty-Coimbatore road in Tamil Nadu after the nationwide lockdown came in effect to halt the spread of the deadly Coronavirus. The image is being shared with the caption, "The Ooty-Coimbatore Road, now reclaimed by its original Owners."
F A restaurant in China was serving soup made of body parts of human infants.
F Voice in Chinese mandarin translated!!! This is a restaurant in China,human now start to eat human babies, there are two restaurants serving human baby soup, this is a 5 to 6 month old baby
F Home Minister Amit Shah visited a hospital to check on Coronavirus infected patients and support the doctors.
F Mock drills conducted by police in Uttar Pradesh on Coronavirus awareness
F India In Lockdown: Jio Is offering a free recharge of ₹498 during the nationwide lockdown due to Coronavirus. This offer is limited to 31 MARCH only!
F An Italian man committed suicide by jumping off a building after his entire family succumbed to the deadly COVID-19 disease.
F Croatia Earthquake Pics Peddled As Italy Overwhelmed With COVID-19 Patients
F An advance hospital with the capacity of 1,000 beds has been built by the Indian Army in Barmer, Rajasthan to tackle the Coronavirus outbreak in the country.
F A US Soldier Wipe His Saliva On A Subway Train In Wuhan
F Indian army has constructed a perfect hospital in Barmer, Rajasthan, with the capacity of 1000 beds in only two days. It has an intensive care unit department with 100 ventilators and equipped with everything required to treat 1000 coronavirus patients.
F IndianArmy has established 1000 bed quarantine facility in Barmer.
F Russia to donate mobile hospital worth KGS 5.5 mln to Kyrgyz Emergency Ministry
F Services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime will offer free streaming during a lockdown.
F Netflix is offering a free streaming pass for the period of COVID-19 isolation, and recommends that users hurry due to it being a limited time offer.
F An image shows the last photo taken of Indonesian doctor, Dr Hadio Ali Khazatsin with his family, before he died from being infected with COVID-19. It shows a medical practitioner standing behind the gate of a home, as two children look on.
F Dates & timings for distributions of : (1) MILK - From Morning 6 a.m to 8 a.m.(daily) (2) NEWS PAPERS - Upto 7 a.m (daily) (3) VEGETABLES, KIRANA & MEDICAL SHOPS : From Morning 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. ( on 24/26/28 & 30 March only) By Order of Mumbai Police Commissioner.
F According to information till now, Coronavirus stays in the throat for four days before infecting the lungs. This leads to coughing, throat infection and pain. If the infected person drinks a lot of water, gargles with salt-and-vinegar hot water, Coronavirus can be cured. Please share this widely. Help save someone's life.
F Salt Or Vinegar Warm Water Gargle Eliminates The Coronavirus
F Coronavirus Can Last Up To 8 Hours In Air
F A video of police apprehending a man threatening people with a gun in Brazil's Sao Paolo area, is viral with claims that it is from Italy, where the police is coming down heavily on people who are venturing out during the lockdown.
F Breaking News: Russia unleashed more than 500 lions on its streets to ensure that people are staying indoors during this pandemic outbreak. Vladimir Putin released around 500 lions to make people stay indoors.
F The curfew will stop the spread of the virus, as it can survive only for 12 hours.
F To prevent community transmission, the virus needs to be curbed totally for 12 to 14 hours.
F With the Prime Minister calling for Janata Curfew on March 22, India prepares to avoid crucial Stage 3 community transmission of Coronavirus in the country. Italy tried implementing a similar nationwide curfew to prevent Stage 3, but to the lack of support from the citizens, the efforts failed, resulting in the death of thousands of people to the pandemic. We don't want such a crisis in India and I urge everyone to rise to the occasion and participate in the Janata Curfew by strictly staying indoors and practising social-distancing.
F PM Modi with great foresight called for the Janta Curfew. The Coronavirus has a shelf life of 12 hours. Modi asked the public to observe Janta Curfew from 7am to 9pm on Sunday. That means if we give a gap of 14 hours, we can be able to break the chain of infection. And that results in the cure of the disease by the third week. This also gives the chance to concentrate on providing the cure for already infected people. This is the ultimate truth behind Janta Curfew.
F Coronavirus becomes ineffective in 12 hours. And Janata Curfew is for 14 hours. So you can now understand it is such a huge masterstroke, which none of the other nations have applied.
F Clapping together is enough to destroy and reduce the spread of the infection.
F Kanika Kapoor Takes A Selfie With PM Modi After Testing COVID-19 Positive
F A viral message on WhatsApp asking people to stay indoors as the government is going to spray medicine to kill 'coronavirus' is fake. The message has been doing the rounds in Mumbai and Bangalore and asks residents to stay indoors between 10pm to 5am.
F Coronavirus is an epidemic that has spread because of consumption of non-vegetarian food. Why then only school, colleges and malls are shut? All shops selling meat should be closed. So we should ask for meat ban.
F The singer Kanika Kapoor took a selfie with Prime Minister Narendra Modi after returning from London, following which she tested positive for the COVID-19 disease.
F The Bangalore government is going to spray medicine to kill coronavirus. Residents should stay indoors between 10pm to 5am.
F Hello, every one in Bangalore kindly request you not to come out of your house after 10 pm tonight till tomorrow 5 am.... As their will be spraying medicine in the air in order to kill the COVID-19!. Share this information to all your friends,relatives and your families only in Bangalore...Thank you!
F Indian government has declared a Restricted Movement Order from March 18, 2020 to March 31, 2020, in view of the coronavirus outbreak.
F The National Security Council, Prime Minister's Office (PMO) of India released restrictions imposed on the movement of citizens to curb the spread of the Coronavirus outbreak in Malaysia.
F A video shows passengers, infected with the novel Coronavirus, disembarking a flight from Italy at the Dakar airport of Senegal. In the clip, passengers can be seen getting off a bus and rushing away as emergency workers tend to several women coughing and lying on the airport tarmac.
F The Ethiopian Airlines flight from Italy this evening to Addis Ababa airport. Most of the passengers are infected with the virus, and there is no strength except in God.
F Sachin Tendulkar has called for stopping the sale of meat due to Coronavirus outbreak.
F A video of several sick goats lying in what appears to be a wholesale meat market in Ajmer, Rajasthan, has resurfaced with claims that the mutton livestock has been infected in the wake of the outbreak of Coronavirus in the country.
F Virus has spread in Bakra Mandi (mutton market) of Ajmer, and the entire village has been vacated. The goats are alive and they are eating, but they have become weak. They cannot stand up. Trucks of goats are lying sick.
F Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched a new scheme to distribute free masks and control the outbreak of COVID-19.
F Due to the rising outbreak of Karona virus, our Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has decided to give Karona virus masks free to all under Swachh Bharat, you can also order by clicking the link below and become part of Swachh Bharat.
F US President Donald Trump announced that Swiss diagnostics and drugmaker Roche will launch a vaccine against the Coronavirus soon and that millions of doses were already ready.
F Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday, and millions of doses are ready from it !!! The end of the play
F The Westin Garden and The Fatty Bao, two Mumbai based hotels and restaurants have confirmed cases of COVID-19 among their staff members. The staff at the two food and beverage entities were said to have tested positive.
F You are sitting here and making jokes on coronavirus but if you want to see the true devastation caused by corona, watch this video from China. Not once, not twice, watch attentively at least thrice. Watch these people who are stuck in this epidemic. The police administration there have to face so many difficulties to catch them. Your heart will stop after you watch this.
F Chinese police were trying to nab suspected COVID-19 patients.
F Portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronaldo will turn his chain of hotels into hospitals to treat Coronavirus patients.
F India will go into a lockdown in the next five days on account of the increasing positive cases of COVID-19 in the country.
F An Indian girl claims that her father, a medical practitioner in the armed forces, has confirmed that the country will go into a lockdown from the next week. The girl quotes his father as saying, "that all the army hospitals are now in direct contact with the Ministry of Health and now they have been ordered to create quarantine facilities everywhere." The speaker claims that her father is in charge of one of the army hospitals, used for quarantining patients. She further quotes her father as saying that "the Ministry of Health has instructed that the country is going to go on a lockdown for at least a month in the next five days."
F A woman who travelled to Italy with her husband for her honeymoon, tested positive for COVID-19 and then fled to New Delhi and Agra and that she resisted treatment.
F The Eyes of Darkness (1981) by Dean Koontz and End Of Days (2008) by Sylvia Browne predict the Coronavirus outbreak.
F Israel and the United States have already developed vaccines to fight the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
F Drinking tulsi and noni juice are preventive measures for the COVID-19 coronavirus.
F A spokesperson for the Reserve Bank of India urges people to withdraw money from their accounts before April 1, 2020, claiming banks will demand an NPR document and block accounts that fail to provide the same.
F Important notice: Everyone is informed that before "31 March 2020" to remove your money from all the banks. From "01 April 2020", the document of "NPR" will be asked in the bank, those who will not have the document, their account would be blocked. Share this information with many people. Jai Hind
F The United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) has put out advisory about coronavirus.
F China's prime minister said reading the Quran and offering Namaaz can help prevent the Coronavirus.
F Chinese prime minister has ordered to open locks of all mosques and to recite Quran and Namaaz. Only the Quran has the cure for Coronavirus. Undoubtedly.
F Chinese President Xi Jinping visited the Northwest region Ningxia Hui in 2016. He made this trip to Muslim majority areas to understand why COVID-19 virus has not affected them.
F Xi Jinping Visits Muslim Homes To Learn How To Fight Coronavirus
F Chinese president dropped in at multiple Muslim houses to adapt their lifestyle in a bid to combat the spread of COVID-19.
F At a time entire China is affected by Coronavirus, Muslims are leading a fit life, devoid of any infections. Nobody has been affected by the aforementioned virus yet. To put an end to speculation why Muslims are safe and why they have not been infected by the virus, president Xi Jinping visited Muslim households on foot to see what they eat, and what habits they practise. He has held a few meetings with Muslim representatives to know what they eat, and what they do. He has been surprised after knowing the same. He has also gone around and observed the halal practises of Muslims, and found their way of eating healthier than others.
F A woman protester at Delhi's Shaheen Bagh tested positive for Coronavirus yet refused treatment and returned to the protest venue.
F Big Breaking: Nazma begum ( 43 ) sitting in # ShaheenBaghProtest was not feeling well. Doctors found her coronavirus positive. She denied the treatment and again went to ShaheenBagh, What kind of moron are these people? # CoronavirusReachesDelhi
F Muslims in Gujarat's Nadiad are attacking the police and shooting them in the backdrop of a lockdown to restrict the spread of the novel Coronavirus.  Send the video to as many people as possible.
F King Khan (Shah Rukh Khan), son of Pakistan, contributes Rs 45 Crores to Pakistan and not a single rupee to Indian citizens to fight the Coronavirus pandemic. Don't watch watch his upcoming cinemas
F The Italian government has given up, overwhelmed by the rising number of Coronavirus cases in the country.
F The Italian Prime Minister says, "Our control is gone. Infectious disease is killing us. All the possible relief on earth is over. Here's our look at the sky."
F India In Lockdown: from tomorrow onwards there are new communication regulations. All calls are recorded. All phone call recordings saved. WhatsApp is monitored. Twitter is monitored. Facebook is monitored...
F Corona has gripped Italy to such an extent that there is no one to even remove corpses.
F Office memorandum regarding the declaration of holidays in four states by MOHFW due to COVID-19
F Alert, Alert!! Muslim hotels on highways of Rajasthan, Gujarat and Maharashtra are serving biryani to Hindus laced with tablets that can make one impotent. Avoid visiting these Muslim hotels. These people serve non-vegetarian to eradicate Hindu religion and population in the long run. This chemical formula is harmful and is used to make us unhealthy. All the buses coming from Rajasthan halt in these Muslim hotels. Beware!
F Highway Hotels Are Serving Biryani With Impotency Drugs
F Covid19: seven children died in Senegal after being vaccinated
F Covid19: a video shows a vaccination team trying to spread the virus in the village of Casamance in southern Senegal.
F Bill Gates has announced an £85m donation in a letter
F U.S. President Donald Trump said state governors must "treat me well" in order to obtain masks and ventilators from federal reserves.
F U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that economic stimulus checks would only go to those who have not made negative social media comments about him.
F U.S. President Donald Trump cut funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
F U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham said, "President Trump probably knows more about medicine and specifically viruses than any of the so-called scientists at the NIH and CDC."
F Donald Trump owned stock in Thermo-Fisher Scientific at a time when his presidential administration was advocating for a COVID-19 test that uses Thermo-Fisher equipment.
F U.S. President Donald Trump will benefit financially if hydroxychloroquine becomes an established treatment for COVID-19.
F U.S. President Donald Trump advocated that the pay of public officials be stopped during the COVID-19 pandemic.
F Financier George Soros owns the lab in Wuhan, China, where the COVID-19 coronavirus disease was developed.
F Harvard professor Charles Lieber was arrested for concealing funding from a Chinese lab connected to the origin of the new coronavirus.
F Democrats in New York stashed ventilators in a warehouse in an effort to make the COVID-19 pandemic worse.
F A video shows people in China tearing down a 5G tower in an attempt to stop the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus disease.
F China started to install 5G towers around the same time that the coronavirus started to spread in the country (around November 2019) so 5G towers caused COVID-19!
F U.S. Vice President Mike Pence introduced a program to cure new coronavirus carriers with the discredited practice of conversion therapy.
F The COVID-19 death toll is exaggerated because “the state” has instructed that “anyone who didnt die by a gun shot wound or car accident” be listed as a coronavirus victim.
F Walmart, in response to the coronavirus pandemic, has instituted a “staggered shopping schedule” that allows only certain age groups on specific days.
F The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts donated $5 million to Democrats after it was allocated $25 million in the COVID-19 stimulus package.
F People with lupus who take hydroxychloroquine aren’t catching the coronavirus.
F New York coronovirus victims are not letting you bury your own. There will be no wakes or memorial services to pay your last respects. Every contaminated corpse belongs to the state and will be exposed of in a incinerator.
F In New York every contaminated corpse belongs to the state and will be incinerated without any wakes or memorial services to pay your last respects. The state is allowing funeral services with limited visitors; cremation is not mandated.
F Missouri case law on education makes it very clear that if students can not take the necessary final exams in a class room setting & they can not complete the curriculum that was established at the beginning of the 2019-2020 school year no one enrolled in a public school in the state of Missouri can be allowed to be promoted to their next grade level. This means that whatever grade each of your students started at in August of 2019 will need to be repeated
F A blend of sodium bicarbonate and lemon juice tea will eliminate the novel coronavirus. This cure has prevented any COVID-19 deaths in Israel
F The “MSM” — mainstream media — is using an image from a 2017 movie in its coverage of the novel coronavirus pandemic.
F Ok, Patriots so I’m watching the movie UNLOCKED on Showtime and this scene pops up of coffins lined up and guess where I saw that exact picture… from our MSM telling us that this is ITALY right now because of COVID 19 virus!!
F A California health care workers’ union was caught hiding 39 million N95 masks.
F It took Obama millions infected and over 1,000 deaths to declare the H1N1 flu a health emergency. But under Trump, coronavirus was declared a health emergency and public safety measures were in place before a single U.S. death occurred.
F The pandemic has affected the flow of seafood from foreign markets. Crab legs have been contaminated with the novel coronavirus.
F Seafood products have been found to be contaminated with the virus.
F The Trump administration cut the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s anti-pandemic work in over 40 countries to just 10.
F There is a link between 5G and this health crisis. If 5G continues and reaches where they want to take it, human life as we know it is over... so people have to make a decision.
F A coronavirus vaccine, when one is developed, would include "nanotechnology microchips" that would allow humans to be controlled.
F 5G can suppress the immune system, thus making people more susceptible to catching the virus.
F The virus can somehow be transmitted through the use of 5G technology.
F Allegedly of the blaze in Aigburth, was shared on YouTube and Facebook, claiming a link between the mobile technology and Covid-19.
F Mosquito bites can infect you with the coronavirus.
F Hydroxychloroquine and a related compound, chloroquine are experimental treatments of the virus.
F Drinking cow's urine can prevent you from getting the coronavirus.
F Bill Gates, the Microsoft billionaire published a long message, encouraging people to reflect positively on their lives during the coronavirus outbreak
F Do not under any circumstances allow them to test you. There's a possibility that the swabs are contaminated with Covid-19.
F African people are to be used as guinea pigs to test a new coronavirus vaccine.
F To be safe from coronavirus, shave your beard, CDC warns
F Nigerian pastor who went to China to destroy coronavirus has been rushed to the hospital - Aficature
F Steam inhalation works as a treatment for coronavirus.
F I heard first hand that a doctor who had Corona virus recovered in double quick time after inhaling steam.
F A Russian scientist has said that a man-made bacterium has somehow merged with the new coronavirus and is the reason people are dying - and recommends baking soda to treat it.
F Under “emergency legislation” the NHS has ordered a ban on the sale, purchase and consumption of alcohol after discovering that it “lowers immunity".
F Alcohol has been banned in the UK.
F There is  ban on the sale, purchase or consumption of alcohol in the UK.
F "Who would have known that a simple cup of tea would be the solution to this virus." The Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, who was hailed a hero for his efforts to raise the alarm about the virus early on in Wuhan, and who later died of the disease.
F Substances commonly found in tea can decrease the impact of the virus - these are known as methylxanthines. And that hospitals in China started giving Covid-19 patients tea three times a day.
F Hospitals in China were specifically treating Covid-19 by giving patients tea.
F Cow urine and dung are traditional remedies for various diseases including the coronavirus.
F Cow dung has many benefits. I think it can kill the coronavirus. Cow urine can also be useful.
F Alcohol-free hand sanitiser with distilled cow urine obtained from indigenous cows sold by Cowpathy is useful for preventing the coronavirus.
F A mixture of the ayurvedic herb giloy, turmeric and basil leaves could help prevent coronavirus.
F Making herbal hand sanitisers at home can help we prevent the virus.
F Be vegetarian! Do not create viruses like coronavirus, which pose a danger to humanity, by having [meat of] different kinds of animals.
F A 15,000-rupee (£165) "anti-coronavirus" mattress was as advertised virus-resistant. It is anti-fungal, anti-allergic, dustproof and waterproof, so nothing can go inside it.
F Breaking! The Italien Army has deployed a lot of tanks in the city of Foggia as around 50 prisioners escaped from local jail.
F The vaccine was created in Australia to combat Covid-19, and the only country in the world to have bought it is Switzerland. Taking six doses of the vaccine would give protection from the virus for a year.
F Hand dryers are effective in killing the coronavirus.
F WHO advises against eating bread to prevent coronavirus.
F WHO recommends against eating baked goods to prevent coronavirus.
F Lemon and turmeric is an effective preventive measure against covid-19.
F Union Home Minister @amitshah has been infected with #COVID19.
F WHO is floating around on whatsapp, saying that it has announced a lockdown schedule.
F Eating ice cream causes coronavirus.
F Pets can transmit coronavirus infections in humans.
F Coronavirus can be destroyed by hot water vapor.
F Mustard oil helps prevent coronavirus.
F MCI advisory being circulated on social media, stating that MBBS UGs and students will be recruited for assistance in healthcare against #Covid19.
F India has entered stage 3 of the coronavirus.
F Coronavirus infection can be transmitted by consumption of poultry products.
F India Internet services has been shutdown amidst Coronavirus Outbreak
F Drinking bitter melon juice can cure coronavirus.
F Nagpur has tested 59 positive coronavirus  cases including 3 doctors.
F Indian Government has announced deduction in the salary/pension of Government employees.
F The Government is likely to impose Financial Emergency in India to tackle the crisis caused by #Covid19.
F The risk of #Coronavirus in India has been reduced due to noise produced during the #JantaCurfew.
F Paracetamol can treat coronavirus infection.
F Coronavirus survives only for 12 hours.
F The vibration generated by clapping together will destroy #Coronavirus infection.
F Antibiotics can be effective in preventing #Coronavirus.
F Eating lamb can cause coronavirus infections!
F Norwegian scientists found that coronavirus is susceptible to high-intensity sound.
F Angry Citizens Did Not Place A Naked Statue Of Trump In New York City Due To His Inability To Contain COVID-19 Situation.
F The video shows a man spitting into a bottle of tea and placing it back on a supermarket rack which has now gone viral that this was an attempt to spread the coronavirus infection.
F Ultraviolet Rays from the sun can kill Coronavirus because melanin in our skin absorbs it. People should stand under the sun to prevent or kill the virus.
F Disaster Management Act in India restricts citizens to share posts on COVID-19
F The world’s cutest baby Anahita Hashemzadeh has been diagnosed with coronavirus. Please pray for this baby.
F Please note all Indians! Post Lockdown shops will remain closed, Detention by police, No home deliveries
F American scientists have already developed a cure for Covid-19. The post comes along with an image that claims to be the medicine for COVID-19 by the name “COVID-19 IgM/IgG”
F Hello, Kindly request you not to come out of your house after 10 pm tonight till tomorrow 5 am…. As BBMP will be spraying medicine in the air in order to kill the COVID-19!! Share this information to all your friends, relatives and family members who are residing in Bangalore. Thank you! From BBMP.
F Bananas can help you to prevent a COVID-19 infection!
F Research conducted by scientists from the University of Queensland in Australia proves that bananas, improve your inmune [sic] system due to the super source of Vitamins B-6 and helps prevent coronavirus. Having a banana a day keeps the coronavirus AWAY.
F Use of Chloroquine for treating COVID-19 has been approved by the WHO
F Cocaine is a cure for COVID-19!
F After the outbreak of Coronavirus in China, the Chinese government has started a mass extermination of human lives infected with coronavirus. The Chinese government has quarantined and locked up infected patient’s in their homes.
F A video shows how the Chinese police and doctors are detaining Coronavirus patients on the highway. We can see a team of police in hazmat suits forcefully restraining a man as he refuses to cooperate with officials when his car is stopped. As the man begins to drive away, he is stopped by a police van and surrounded by men carrying riot shields. As he gets out of his car, a net is thrown over his head and officials grab him.
F OMG: China needs coronavirus SWAT (special weapons and tactics) police team to arrest this drop dead virus victims.
F Only in China: Medical SWAT teams with riot shields and dog-catcher nets practicing to catch a person with coronavirus symptoms.
F Authorities in Tongbai, Henan have been training to prepare themselves for ‘uncooperative’ Coronavirus patients. In this exercise, the hostile actor rips off his mask before police and security teams take the man out.
F The Chinese Government has locked up residents in Wuhan, which is the epicenter of the COVID-19 epidemic; that has now become a ghost city. 
F A video showing a man abusing is going viral claiming that the video is from Wuhan where people are quarantined and locked up in their houses. It also adds that the residents are getting impatient and irritated and so they are greeting each other with abuses. It shows an apartment building where a man shouts “Good morning my neighbours!” Someone in reply shouts “Hey fuck you!” while the first man replies “Yes, yes, fuck you too”.
F There was a car crash in Wuhan due to a police road block created due to COVID-19
F A video of a car smashing into police vehicles is going viral with the claim that the incident took place at a police roadblock in Wuhan and some of passengers of the vehicle escaped from Wuhan further spreading the virus further to the North, South and East.
F There is WHO advisory restricting the purchase of Chinese products during Holi due to COVID-19
F Large Explosion in Wuhan, China just happened about an hour ago #Wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus 1/24/2020.
F WHO declared coronavirus as COVID-19 which is an abbreviation for China Outbreak Virus In December 19.
F Police publicly killed a coronavirus-infected woman in China.
F A lady Infected by Corona virus killed by Chinese police on the road.
F The government of HeiLongJiang province in China bans all private cars on the street. The police pulled a woman out of her car as she refused to receive the notice served to her by the police men. What a violent and insane way to treat a woman like that!
F A report by news agency Asian News International on Thursday, 30 January said that Manir Hossain, a 23-year-old man from India’s Tripura, had died in a hospital in Malaysia due to coronavirus.
F Coronavirus has infected boiler chicken as well. We appeal to all the citizens not to consume boiler chicken meat. This appeal is from the Muslim community, Khar, Mumbai.
F The Prime Minister of China visited a mosque and realised that the only way to protect oneself from Coronavirus is to “bow before Allah.” And the Chinese government had declared that they would translate the Holy book of Islam, the Quran, “as their own which is why Chinese is suffering today.
F China president in the mosque pleading with Allah to forgive him for the mistakes committed by him and his govt. (corona virus death China PM who told we’ll translate the Quran as our own realised that the only one way to protect from the Corona virus is doing ‘sajtha’ to Allah and went to the mosque to pray, Mashallah.
F Bat Infestation Under Tile Roof- Roofing Miami, FL. The corona virus source is found!!! It turns out that many roofs in Hubei China are covered with chrysanthemum bats, a type of bat.
F The video shows thousands of pigs and piglets transported in trucks and then buried in mass graves. The caption accompanying the video alleges that China is burying these pigs to curb the spread of Corona Virus.
F BREAKING: Saudi Arabia confirms 1 case of Wuhan virus. A nurse from the Indian state of Kerala employed at a hospital in Saudi Arabia has tested positive for the deadly novel coronavirus Union Minister of State for External Affairs V. Muraleedharan said on Thursday. The minister confirmed that about 100 Indian nurses working in the Saudi Arabia hospital were tested following the threat of coronavirus and one of them was found infected by the deadly virus.
F Due to the coronavirus infection, the army was deployed in trangana.
F A video shows first Islamic call to prayer in Spain in 500 years
F A video which shows a speech made during a price war between pepper traders in Karnataka's Kodagu is being recirculated calling for boycotting Muslim traders, in the wake of coronavirus.
F “Pres. Duterte is the kind of leader who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. Filipinos are very fortunate to have him. Seriously, he looked so overworked. He may not be perfect, but he truly loves his country. Philippines doesn’t have the worst government. It actually has the worst citizens,” the graphic quoted Queen Elizabeth II as saying. The graphic was dated April 6, 2020. A brief description below the statement said the quote came from the Queen’s speech that day as she delivered “a message of hope amid the coronavirus pandemic.”
F The UP government announced that the 15 districts will be completely sealed starting 9 April.
F A video of a moving train carrying trucks is going viral as proof of how essential goods are being supplied around India amid the countrywide lockdown over the outbreak of coronavirus. The video is being shared with the following message: “This is how all essential materials reaching throughout country, while state borders are sealed. Modi hai toh mumkin hai”
F Burning candles will produce heat and thus, raise the temperature and kill coronavirus.
F Coronavirus don’t survive in hot temperature, as per research by NASA. If 130 candles are lit together, the temperature will increase by 9 degrees - as per IIT professor.So corona will die at 9.09 pm on Sunday. Masterstroke by Modi.
F A circular attributed to the Medical Council of India (MCI) is being circulated to state that all Government and Private Medical Colleges are advised to recruit MBBS undergraduate interns and students of part 2 third MBBS starting 3 April.
F 14 China Muslims hidden at Bihari mosque has been taken to corona virus test by Bihari police. Erode police has caught Thailand Muslim mullahs infected with corona virus. Today Salem Police has caught 11 Indonesian Muslim mullahs at Salem mosque. This video shows that they are applying and putting saliva on spoons, plates and utensils and also they are in the intention of spreading corona virus disease. Nobody knows what's happening in the Nation (sic).
F Muslims Licking Plates to Spread Corona
F Crowds defying lockdown in Hyderabad near Charminar on Friday demanding to perform Namaz.
F Indian business tycoon and chairman of Wipro, Azim Premji, has donated Rs 50,000 crores to fight COVID-19.
F A message claims that the pH value of the novel coronavirus ranges between 5.5 and 8.5 and thus, one should consume alkaline food that are above the pH level of the virus so as to prevent its spread. This information is being attributed to a research published in the Journal of Virology.
F In India, all posts related to coronavirus have been ‘declared a punishable offence by the Central government’ and that only a government agency is permitted to post on coronavirus.
F Methanol can protect you against the virus
F A British school teacher and others cured themselves of the coronavirus with whiskey and honey, based on a tabloid story from early February.
F Drinking bootleg alcohol containing methanol can cure the coronavirus.
F A video of police thrashing and detaining people is being circulated on social media with the claim that it shows the situation of lockdown in Spain. “This is the lockdown in Spain. You guys in India are lucky. You just get caned,” the claim reads.
F A video shows a creature on top of a dome-like structure. “Appearance of devil top of church in Italy some days ago”.
F High-speed (4G) mobile internet services will be restored by tonight in all districts of Jammu, whereas 4G internet services suspension will continue in all districts of Kashmir till fresh assessment of the situation. However, any misuse of internet facilities will result in legal action。
F Police Punishing in highway Roaming freely in Assam Bandh. Punishing ... Disobeying Lockdown. of CORONA-VIRUS
F China’s Xinhua News Mock India’s Coronavirus Response
F A map claims that it showed the sound waves in India recorded by NASA, on Sunday at 5:01 pm. While some states have been marked in red, others in yellow and green, showing the different intensities of the supposed sound waves.
F Belgium’s Health Minister Maggie De Block has banned ‘non-essential’ sexual activities of three or more persons.
F #Belgium prohibits sexual acts of more that 3 people after 500 person #orgy spread #coronavirus. However, #bestiality is still allowed.”
F The former President of Iraq Saddam Hussein, during a meeting in 1990s, had briefed his cabinet and Army about US’ threat to use coronavirus on Iraqis if they didn’t follow their command.
F Muslims Refusing to Be Tested in K’taka
F ‘Office Memorandum’ claims that the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare has issued a clarification regarding declaration of holidays in four states, namely Maharashtra, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, and Sikkim.
F All the worst-affected COVID-19 cases are situated along Latitude 40 degrees.
F Strange coincidence that all worst affected Covid19 cases are along the same Latitude 40ํ: From left: France Italy Iran Wuhan S.Korea Japan Seattle Washington NewYork。
F Corporation of Chennai has closed all vegetable and fruit markets in various parts of Chennai has been shared on WhatsApp and Facebook amid the coronavirus outbreak.
F And now, megastar Amitabh Bachchan took to his Twitter account to share a picture of his hand with a 'Home Quarantined' stamp on it. The actor revealed that stamping has been started and the officials are using the voting ink so that it won't fade away soon. His tweet read, "T 3473 - Stamping started on hands with voter ink, in Mumbai .. keep safe, be cautious, remain isolated if detected，
F Homeopathic medicine ‘Coronil Drops’ developed by Dr Sirkhot’s is effective in prevention of coronavirus. Taking 20 drops of the medicine thrice a day for three days can help prevent the virus.
F Coronil Drops helps boost the immune system and reduce the virulence of the virus.
F The Indian government raided The Medical City and other private hospitals, taking away their personal protective equipment (PPE).
F The Prince of Wales’ recovery after testing positive for coronavirus last week was linked to an Ayurvedic and homeopathic cure from a resort in south India.
F A video of Trupti Desai, social activist and founder of NGO Bhumata Brigade, is going viral with the claim that she was caught illegally buying liquor during the lockdown and was detained by the police.