F Coronavirus was created in a government lab as a bioweapon and then released on the people of China.
F The lie that coronavirus came from a bat or a pangolin is concocted by the Chinese state with the tacit support of the U.S. deep state and its friends in the European Union, Russia and Australia, and spread by the docile media in all of those countries.
F The health experts had predicted the virus could kill 65 million people in a year.
F A video clip supposedly showed that the exponential spread of a new coronavirus faster than SARS, Ebola, and Swine Flu.
T Almost 200 people in Italy died from the coronavirus in a 24-hour period between March 11 and 12, 2020.
T A doctor in Italy warned coronavirus wasn’t just a bad flu. And he said: "The situation is now nothing short of dramatic. No other words come to mind."
F Chinese doctors confirmed African people are genetically resistant to Coronavirus.
F The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced that COVID-19, a disease caused by the coronavirus, had been found in toilet paper, and that people should use wet cloths instead.
U Contaminated money can spread the new coronavirus. The World Health Organization has advised people to "wash their hands after handling banknotes."
U Warm weather will kill coronavirus. U.S. President Donald Trump said he hoped the virus would go away in April 2020 because the "heat generally speaking kills this kind of virus."
F A viral social media post advised the public to "keep your throat moist" in order to avoid contracting the respiratory infection.
F Japanese doctors advice that taking a few sips of water every 15 mins will prevent the new coronavirus from entering your windpipe and lungs.
F If you can hold your breath without coughing, discomfort, stiffness, or tightness, your lungs do not suffer from fibrosis and therefore you have no COVID-19 infection.
F A homemade hand sanitizer made with Tito's Vodka can be used to fight the new coronavirus.
F Using a hair dryer to breathe in hot air can cure COVID-19 and stop its spread.
F A coronavirus-related health advisory graphic issued by the World Health Organization warned against unprotected sex with farm animals.
F Gargling with salt water or Vinegar 'eliminate' the COVID-19 coronavirus from the throat of an infected person's system.
F Drinking boiled garlic water will cure COVID-19.
U Patients should avoid taking ibuprofen to relieve pain and fever associated with COVID-19 infections.
U People who have survived the COVID-19 coronavirus disease can become reinfected by the virus.
T Washing your hands decreases the number of microbes on your hands and helps prevent the spread of infectious diseases.
T The Chinese government is building a hospital in 10 days to deal with the new coronavirus.
F A video shows a chaotic scene in Wuhan, China, involving doctors armed with weapons, gunshots to deter people from leaving a new coronavirus quarantine, and a woman who was shot dead after she attempted to break through a roadblock.
F A People's Daily video claiming to show "full-front disinfection work" in Wuhan included footage taken at an airport in Taiwan.
F Chinese officials are seeking approval to start the mass killing of 20,000 people in order to stop the spread of new coronavirus.
F Satellite data show a large release of sulfur dioxide gas from the outskirts of Wuhan, China, and could be viewed as evidence of the mass cremation of new coronavirus victims.
U Italy has stopped treating elderly coronavirus patients due to "socialized medicine."
U U.S. President Donald Trump referred to the new coronavirus as a "hoax."
T The Trump administration fired the U.S. pandemic response team in 2018 to cut costs.
U U.S. President Donald Trump cut funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
F U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi held up a coronavirus funding package so that Democrats could run negative ads about Republicans that made the latter look bad.
U Disagreement over abortion will slow coronavirus-relief talks.
T U.S. federal government will support for free coronavirus testing, paid sick and family leave, and food assistance for poor families.
F U.S. Vice President Mike Pence took over the Trump administration's response to an outbreak of a new coronavirus. He Touch NASA gear labeled ‘Do Not Touch’.
F U.S. President Barack Obama waited until millions were infected and thousands were dead before declaring a public health emergency concerning swine flu, the H1N1 virus.
T 14 People with coronavirus took on a plane to US with uninfected passengers.
F Donald Trump owned stock in Thermo-Fisher Scientific at a time when his presidential administration was advocating for a COVID-19 test that uses Thermo-Fisher equipment.
T Denver councilwoman Candi CdeBaca tweeted "#solidarity" in response to a post suggesting that, if infected with new coronavirus, a person would attend as many Trump rallies as possible.
F The White House sent out text messages in mid-March 2020 informing people that a "mandatory quarantine" in U.S. would start within 48 hours.
T Congress has passed a US$8.3 billion coronavirus response bill, which includes $2.2 billion for the CDC to “prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus, domestically or internationally.”
T New York Governor Andrew Cuomo called the federal government’s response to the coronavirus outbreak “absurd and nonsensical.”
F If you get sick with coronavirus, Donald Trump can make you stay home.
T If you get sick with coronavirus, an U.S. government official in your community can make you stay home.
U Harvard professor Charles Lieber was arrested for concealing funding from a Chinese lab supposedly connected to the origin of the new coronavirus.
F A Chinese intelligence officer revealed that a new coronavirus was developed in a lab as a bioweapon.
F A major disease outbreak occurred in "every election year" since 2004.
F The fictional "Umbrella Corporation" from the game "Resident Evil" shares a logo with a biotech lab in Wuhan, Hubei Province in China, where a new coronavirus is believed to have originated.
F A photograph shows a railroad tank car identified as carrying 'COVID-19.'
F A traveler from Beijing was caught at Dulles International Airport with a suitcase full of dead birds that the person tried to disguise as pet food.
F A Nostradamus prophecy foretells the 2020 COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.
F Self-described psychic Sylvia Browne "predicted" a 2020 outbreak of the new coronavirus.
F Author Dean Koontz predicted the 2020 new coronavirus outbreak in his 1981 novel "The Eyes of Darkness."
F "The Simpsons" TV show predicted the 2020 new coronavirus outbreak in a 1993 episode.
T Dr. Abdu Sharkawy, an infectious diseases specialist, penned a viral Facebook post warning about the loss of reason in the face of panic over the new coronavirus in 2020.
F The ability to differentiate the “common cold” from “coronavirus pneumonia”, interpreted here as COVID-19 is based on the presence or absence of mucus or phlegm, which is also known as sputum, during coughing.
U The coronavirus is “heat resistant”.
F Coronaviruses will die at the first exposure to sun.
T Coronaviruses as a group are more susceptible to inactivation from ultraviolet radiation than other groups of viruses, like adenoviruses.
U Viral particles released during a sneeze can reach 10 feet.
T The coronavirus survive longer on metal surfaces.
T We found that viable [COVID-19] virus could be detected in aerosols up to 3 hours post aerosolization, up to 4 hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard and up to 2-3 days on plastic and stainless steel.
F Ingestion of cold drinks and food can cause or exacerbate health conditions such as URTI.
T Gargling helps stem the transmission of viral diseases that cause URTIs.
T A letter providing tips on how to protect against the new coronavirus was authored by pathologist James Robb.
U Cough or sneeze into a disposable tissue and discard. Use your elbow only if you have to. The clothing on your elbow will contain infectious virus that can be passed on for up to a week or more!
F Sales of Corona beer dropped sharply in early 2020 because consumers mistakenly associated the brand name with the new coronavirus.
F You can get the coronavirus by drinking Corona beer.
F U.S. Vice President Mike Pence introduced a program to cure new coronavirus carriers with the discredited practice of conversion therapy.
F U.S. Vice President Mike Pence believes turn gay people straight, Pence claimed “No-one is born with coronavirus, so the key is making them hate everything about themselves. Then and only then will they reject their unhealthy attachment to this so-called respiratory virus.”
F In February 2020 the Vatican said that Pope Francis and two aides had tested positive for COVID-19, a disease caused by a new coronavirus.
F The Vatican has confirmed in a statement that Pope Francis and two of his aides have tested positive for the novel Coronavirus.
U Francis had been tested for coronavirus and the result was negative.
F Parents can receive a case of baby formula during the COVID-19 pandemic by calling the number on the back of the company's product.
T A few McDonald's locations in North Carolina announced in March 2020 that they will provide free lunches to school-age children as families deal with the spread of COVID-19.
F Every McDonald's is giving free lunches to school-age children during the COVID-19 pandemic.
F Red Cross workers are knocking on doors of people's homes and selling coronavirus home tests.
T The U.S. government has since taken steps to roll out widespread testing for the coronavirus disease at no cost to patients.
U Videos show people collapsing on the street due to coronavirus.
T A spokesperson for the World Health Organization said that fainting in this manner from coronavirus would be "atypical."
F Using a hair dryer to breathe in hot air can cure COVID-19 and stop its spread.
F Sticking a blow dryer in your face or sitting in a sauna and breathing in hot air would kill the coronavirus.
F Medical professionals and institutions recommend people breathe hot air to kill the coronavirus.
T Amid a nationwide COVID-19 lockdown, Italians reported seeing wildlife such as swans and dolphins "returning" to newly tranquil waterways, ports, and canals.
F An MSNBC reporter said on air: "I hope enough people die from coronavirus that it harms Trump's reelection."
F Rapper Eminem was the first celebrity to be diagnosed with new coronavirus in February 2020.
F BBC News reported that actor Daniel Radcliffe was the "first famous person" to contract the coronavirus.
F Staff at Gold Coast Hospital in Australia rolled in a Wilson volleyball to keep Tom Hanks company in quarantine after he was diagnosed with the coronavirus.
T On March 11, 2020, actors Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson announced that they had been diagnosed with COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus spreading around the globe, while they were abroad.
T Presidential nominating contests in the U.S. are being pushed back, and a $1 trillion-plus U.S. economic rescue package is being negotiated.
T Supplies including protective gear, respirators and hand sanitizer are dwindling.
T A photograph posted on social media in March 2020 shows an authentic image of U.S. President Donald Trump's speech notes with the word "Corona" scratched out and replaced in handwriting by "Chinese."
T The rapidly spreading coronavirus pandemic is taking a particularly harsh toll on older people.
T USA Today published a front-page article about the development of a COVID-19 vaccine the same day Kobe Bryant's death was reported.
T Across a country where lines are long, some shelves are empty and patience is thin, authorities are receiving a surge of reports about merchants trying to cash in on the coronavirus crisis with outrageous prices, phony cures and other scams. An Associated Press survey of attorneys general or consumer protection agencies nationwide found reports already exceeded 5,000, with hundreds more arriving daily.
T Coronavirus layoffs spark surge in state jobless claims. In Ohio, more than 48,000 people applied for jobless benefits in two days. The tally during the same period the prior week: just 1,825.
T Four Brooklyn Nets players, including Kevin Durant, have tested positive for the new coronavirus, bringing the total to seven known players in the NBA.
T WASHINGTON (AP) — A clinical trial evaluating a vaccine designed to protect against the new coronavirus will begin Monday, according to a government official.
T CBS News shut down its New York City headquarters for cleaning and disinfecting after two of its employees tested positive for coronavirus.
T Health officials confirmed another case of the novel coronavirus in Northern California
T President Donald Trump called NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander a “terrible reporter” during a White House news briefing for asking what he would say to Americans who are scared about the coronavirus.
T New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announced he was directing all workers in nonessential business to stay home and banned gatherings statewide.
T During the outbreak, business has more than doubled at the Winhall Market near Stratton Mountain Ski Resort in southern Vermont, as residents of New York and Boston pour in.
T Valencia, Spain, has closed its beaches to prevent people fleeing the virus from coming there, and leading to a reverse migration away from the shore.
T Monaco’s head of state Prince Albert II contracts coronavirus. In a statement, the palace said Albert is continuing to work from his home office.
U The United States offered large sums of money to secure a COVID-19 vaccine for exclusive U.S. use.
U German government sources told Reuters that the U.S. “was looking into how it could gain access to a potential vaccine being developed by a German firm, CureVac.”
T Elba is the latest high profile celebrity to have tested positive for the virus.
U The coronavirus occur from a bat or a pangolin.
U The coronavirus come from a cave or a forest in the Chinese province of Hubei.
T NY, NJ, Connecticut close bars, eateries to fight coronavirus. The governors of all three states said essential businesses such as supermarkets and gas stations will be able to stay open after 8 p.m. Monday, though all non-essential businesses must close. Restaurants will be able to offer take-out and delivery.
T The Supreme Court announced Monday that it is postponing arguments for late March and early April because of the coronavirus, including fights over subpoenas for President Donald Trump’s financial records.
U Spread of coronavirus includes transmission from touching contaminated surfaces.
T The coronavirus can live in the air for several hours, up to 24 hours on cardboard and up to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel. Cleaning surfaces with solutions containing diluted bleach should kill it.
U There is no risk of spread through sweat.
U Once you recover from coronavirus, you won’t get reinfected.
U Coronavirus will just disappear in the summertime like influenza.
F Donating blood requires that you be administered a free test for the COVID-19, a disease caused by the coronavirus.
F You will get a free coronavirus test by donating blood.
T A second person who was at Mar-a-Lago with President Donald Trump has tested positive for coronavirus. That's according to a Republican official who spoke on condition of anonymity in order to discuss private health matters.
T Trump declares coronavirus pandemic a national emergency. The president said it would free up as much as $50 billion for state and local governments to respond to the outbreak.
T Boston marathon postponed until Sept. 14 to prevent coronavirus spread.
T The novel coronavirus can live for two to three days on plastic and stainless steel.
F A map from Johns Hopkins University that shows the spread of COVID-19 contains malware.
T Disneyland closes as California rushes to battle coronavirus.
T Cristina Higgins authored a personal account about the spread of COVID-19 in Italy.
T “We have friends who are getting sick. It’s very stressful,” Higgins told NBC News over the phone from her home in Bergamo, where she, like everyone else, is under government-ordered home isolation, even though she and her family are not sick.
F COVID-19 is same as flu.
T Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told the House Oversight and Reform Committee that COVID-19 was at least “10 times as lethal” as the seasonal flu. 
T Italy has restricted public gatherings and travel for all 60 million of its residents. Nonessential businesses such as restaurants and bars have been closed, and the country is encouraging social distancing. Food stores and pharmacies are about the only businesses that will be allowed to stay open until restrictions are lifted. 
T Intensive care units in Italy are operating at capacity.
T If the numbers of contagion do not start to go down, the system, Italy, will collapse. Why? Today the ICUs in Lombardy are at capacity – more than capacity. They have begun to put ICU units in the hallways. If the numbers do not go down, the growth rate of contagion tells us that there will be thousands of people who in a matter of a week? two weeks? who will need care. What will happen when there are 100, or a 1000 people who need the hospital and only a few ICU places left?
T NHL suspends season amid coronavirus pandemic. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said there are hopes of resuming the season, holding the playoffs and still handing out the Stanley Cup.
T Broadway shuts its doors to prevent coronavirus spread.
T MLB delays opening day by at least 2 weeks because of coronavirus.
T NY fed to buy a range of treasurys to try to ease coronavirus jitters.
T US capitol closing to public until April amid coronavirus outbreak.
T NBA suspends season until further notice over coronavirus.
F Holding your breath is a ‘simple self-check’ for coronavirus.
T WHO declares that coronavirus crisis is now a pandemic.
F Drinking boiled water will prevent coronavirus.
F In the midst of the novel coronavirus outbreak, some influencers are claiming that taking mega-doses of vitamin C can cure COVID-19.
F Eating oranges, broccoli and potatoes as much as possible can cure COVID-19.
T Stocks plummet amid coronavirus fears and oil-price crash.
U Contaminated Money can spread the new coronavirus.
T President Donald Trump signed an $8.3 billion measure to help tackle the coronavirus outbreak that has killed 12 people in the U.S. and infected more than 200.
F Drinking vodka can bfight the coronavirus.
F Pet cats and dogs cannot pass the new coronavirus on to humans, but they can test positive for low levels of the pathogen if they catch it from their owners.
F Pet cats and dogs cannot pass the new coronavirus on to humans, but they can test positive for low levels of the pathogen if they catch it from their owners.
T Denver councilwoman Candi CdeBaca tweeted "#solidarity" in response to a post suggesting that, if infected with new coronavirus, a person would attend as many Trump rallies as possible.
T With deaths spiking in Iran and Italy and infections spreading quickly through Europe, the Mideast and the Americas, countries were considering new drastic measures to curb the new coronavirus.
U Warm weather will kill coronavirus.
T Schools across the United States are canceling trips abroad, preparing online lessons and even rethinking “perfect attendance” awards as they brace for the possibility that the new coronavirus could begin spreading in their communities.
F Officials are warning that popping bubble wrap from China could expose one to coronavirus.
T Pet cats and dogs cannot pass the new coronavirus on to humans, but they can test positive for low levels of the pathogen if they catch it from their owners.
T Biden claimed that the World Health Organization “offered the [coronavirus] testing kits that they have available” to the U.S., but “we refused them.” Trump claimed it "was a bad test." Both are wrong.
F There Is A National Lockdown And The Entire Country Will Be Quarantined For Two Weeks.
F FEMA Has Deployed Military Assets.
F I Need To Stockpile As Many Groceries And Supplies As I Can.
F I Heard That The U.S. Government Is Sending $1,000 Checks.
F Only Those Over 60 Years Of Age And Those With Existing Health Problems Are At Risk From The Coronavirus.
F President Trump is going to announce a mandatory two-week quarantine for the whole country is going viral.
F The administration has barred people from high-risk countries from traveling to the United States. The director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, also told Americans to “hunker down.”
T The Trump administration has proposed a plan to provide direct payments to some U.S. citizens, beginning April 6, to blunt the economic impact of the coronavirus.
T The Trump administration recently announced plans for a $1 trillion emergency stimulus package to alleviate economic strain caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
F The U.S. government is sending out hundreds of dollars per week to each U.S. citizen “starting from” either March 16 or March 17, depending on the post.
F All US Citizens are Entitled to $700 USD per week to stay at home to avoid the spread of COVID-19 novel Coronavirus, starting from March 17, 2020,” states one post, which has garnered more than 5,000 shares. “The Government grant pay is accessible to all no matter employment status.
F The government — or specific states such as Michigan or Florida — has mandated that employers and schools close for two weeks in response to the coronavirus.
F The U.S. government have announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus starting from March 6, 2020.3.23
F All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th … Offices will resume after 2 weeks of the mandatory closure. A list of all schools and businesses in your area is shown on the list.
U Chloroquine can cure coronavirus.
F Remdesivir has been approved for consumer use.
T Remdesivir has only been approved for a clinical trial, not for consumer use.
F Nancy Pelosi wouldn’t release 8.5 billion for Coronavirus without abortion funding, so Trump went around her to declare a National Emergency and got 50 billion.
T “8.5 billion” refers to a different bill — the Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act — that the Democrat-controlled House passed on March 4. It provides $8.3 billion for federal agencies to respond to the outbreak (which was more than the $2.5 billion originally requested by the White House). The Republican-led Senate approved the measure the next day, and President Donald Trump signed it into law on March 6, days before the post appeared on Facebook.
F As the White House and Congress work on a massive stimulus package to address the novel coronavirus pandemic — which could result in payments to individual taxpayers — social media users suggests such aid could be withheld from critics of President Donald Trump.
F Donald Trump:Yes, I ordered the Treasury Secretary to send checks to Americans! First however, we will go through your social media history from the last 4 years and search for any post with #NotMyPresident in it. I wouldn’t think of offending you with a check if I’m not your president! #MAGA.
T In some cases people have been found to be infected, but clear of any symptoms.
T Asymptomatic people can transmit the coronavirus to others.
T It is possible to contract the coronavirus by touching a contaminated surface and then touching your mouth, nose or even eyes.
T The CDC advises people to wash their hands frequently, with soap and water for a minimum of 20 seconds, avoid touching their faces with unwashed hands, avoid close contact with sick individuals, and avoid social interactions generally to prevent community spread.
F “People are dying who have never died before.” – Donald J. Trump, March 18, 2020.
F Viral posts on social media claim COVID-19 is no worse than other outbreaks that have occurred in “every election year,” suggesting that the new coronavirus is being “hyped” to hurt President Donald Trump. 
F A viral image of a whiteboard sign claiming to have been “Posted at a Doctors office today” purportedly lists disease outbreaks that occurred in “every election year” since 2004. The image says the new coronavirus is “being hyped as The Black Plague.” One Facebook post that shared the photo includes a comment that the new coronavirus “is hyped to make Trump look bad.”
F Every election year has a disease: SARS-2004 Avian-2008 Swine-2010 MERS-2012 Ebola-2014 Zika-2016 Ebola-2018 Corona-2020
U The novel coronavirus has a contagion factor of 2.
U The “cure rate” for people under 50 infected with COVID-19 is 99.7%, which would equate to a death rate of 0.3%.
F The spread of COVID-19 is leveling off.
F COVID-19 is definitely not leveling off in the U.S.
F President Donald Trump and other officials misleadingly suggested that tech behemoth Google was working on a screening website that large numbers of Americans could soon use to see if they should be tested for the new coronavirus. 
F Google is helping to develop a website. It’s going to be very quickly done, unlike websites of the past, to determine whether a test is warranted and to facilitate testing at a nearby convenient location. We have many, many locations behind us, by the way. We cover the — this country in large part. So the world, by the way — we’re not going to be talking about the world right now. But we cover very, very strongly our country. Stores in virtually every location. Google has 1,700 engineers working on this right now. They’ve made tremendous progress. Our overriding goal is to stop the spread of the virus and to help all Americans who have been impacted by this.
T There is currently no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus
F Before it reaches the lungs, the coronavirus remains in the throat for four days and that drinking a lot of water and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus.
F Drinking a lot of water will eliminate the coronavirus.
T While saline water or water with vinegar is sometimes used to help soothe a sore throat, but it doesn’t kill the virus.
F President Donald Trump will impose a nationwide mandatory quarantine.
F Americans are to stock up on two weeks of supplies, and a mandatory nationwide quarantine will soon be implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
F Within 48 to 72 Hours… The president will order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation. Stock up on whatever you guys need to make sure you have a two week supply of everything. Please forward to your network.
F The coronavirus is not so harmful. It was the least deadly and most-hyped by the media.
F “A friend just alerted me that her friend who works in the emergency management team at the NYPD plans to put containment actions in place this weekend,” it reads. “It will look like the metro north shutting down, limited subway service, and only emergency vehicles on the road.”
F California is going to be quarantined. “State borders are closing because of the number of cases in CA,” it reads. “Businesses will close and we will only be able to move about for certain things not sure what.”
F "From a friend at the Stanford hospital board. This is their feedback on Corona virus: The new Coronavirus may not show sign of infection for many days. How can one know if he/she is infected? By the time they have fever and/or cough and go to the hospital, the lung is usually 50% Fibrosis and it's too late...Taiwan experts provide a simple self-check that we can do every morning. Take a deep breath and hold your breath for more than 10 seconds. If you complete it successfully without coughing, without discomfort, stiffness or tightness, etc., it proves there is no Fibrosis in the lungs, basically indicates no infection. In critical time, please self-check every morning in an environment with clean air.
F Serious excellent advice by Japanese doctors treating COVID-19 cases: Everyone should ensure your mouth & throat are moist, never dry. Take a few sips of water every 15 minutes at least. Why? Even if the virus gets into your mouth, drinking water or other liquids will wash them down through your throat and into the stomach. Once there, your stomach acid will kill all the virus. If you don’t drink enough water more regularly, the virus can enter your windpipe and into the lungs. That's very dangerous. Please send and share this with family and friends. Take care everyone and may the world recover from this Coronavirus soon. Please forward to your kids and friends.
F If you have a runny nose and sputum, you have a common cold. Coronavirus pneumonia is a dry cough with no runny nose.
U This new virus is not heat-resistant and will be killed by a temperature of just 26/27 degrees. It hates the Sun.
U If someone sneezes with it, it takes about 10 feet before it drops to the ground and is no longer airborne.
U If it drops on a metal surface it will live for at least 12 hours - so if you come into contact with any metal surface - wash your hands as soon as you can with a bacterial soap.
F On fabric it can survive for 6-12 hours. normal laundry detergent will kill coronavirus.
F Drinking warm water is effective for all viruses. Try not to drink liquids with ice.
U Wash your hands frequently as the virus can only live on your hands for 5-10 minutes, but - a lot can happen during that time - you can rub your eyes, pick your nose unwittingly and so on.
F You should also gargle as a prevention. A simple solution of salt in warm water will suffice.
U THE SYMPTOMS 1. It will first infect the throat, so you'll have a sore throat lasting 3/4 days 2. The virus then blends into a nasal fluid that enters the trachea and then the lungs, causing pneumonia. This takes about 5/6 days further. 3. With the pneumonia comes high fever and difficulty in breathing.
U The nasal congestion is not like the normal kind. You feel like you're drowning. It's imperative you then seek immediate attention.
F Serious excellent advice by Japanese doctors treating COVID-19 cases: Everyone should ensure your mouth & throat are moist, never dry. Take a few sips of water every 15 minutes at least. Why? Even if the virus gets into your mouth, drinking water or other liquids will wash them down through your throat and into the stomach. Once there, your stomach acid will kill all the virus. If you don't drink enough water more regularly, the virus can enter your windpipe and into the lungs. That's very dangerous. Please send and share this with family and friends. Take care everyone and may the world recover from this Coronavirus soon.
F The new Coronavirus may not show sign of infection for many days. How can one know if he/she is infected? By the time they have fever and/or cough and go to the hospital, the lung is usually 50% Fibrosis and it's too late (Fibrosis is not reversible). Taiwan experts provide a simple self-check that we can do every morning. Take a deep breath and hold your breath for more than 10 seconds. If you complete it successfully without coughing, without discomfort, stiffness or tightness, etc., it proves there is no Fibrosis in the lungs, basically indicates no infection. In critical times, please self-check every morning in an environment with clean air.
T While staying hydrated by drinking water is important for overall health, it does not prevent coronavirus infection.
F The Trump administration cut the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s anti-pandemic work in over 40 countries to just 10.
F The CDC was preparing to dramatically reduce its work helping to prevent infectious-disease epidemics. Much of that work on the Global Health Security Agenda, a pact between over 60 nations that began in 2014, had been funded by a five-year, nearly $600 million supplemental package that was dwindling. That one-time funding, which Congress originally appropriated in response to the Ebola epidemic in West Africa in 2014, ran out at the end of September 2019.
F President Donald Trump said if people have symptoms of the new coronavirus infection, “doesn’t matter, go to work.”
F Trump said that sick people should go to work.
F Beer drinkers are shunning Corona as a result of the new coronavirus.
F Hand sanitizer will do nothing for the coronavirus.
T The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says hand sanitizers with 60% alcohol can be used to help prevent contracting and spreading the virus.
F Hand sanitizer is anti-bacterial and the coronavirus is a virus, so sanitizers will do nothing for the coronavirus.
T Alcohol-based hand-sanitizers are effective for inactivation of commonly transmitted bacteria and viruses, especially lipid-enveloped viruses like coronaviruses.
T Experts recommend working the sanitizer fully over both hands until completely dry.
F The Government have announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus starting from March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th. Offices will resume after 2 weeks of the mandatory closure. A list of all schools and businesses in your area is shown on the list.
F The Government has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus starting from March 6, 2020. Offices will resume after 2 weeks of the mandatory closure. Check the article for your place of work.
F Schumer post the supposed tweet criticizing President Donald Trump’s decision to bar travelers from China.
F The US is charging over $3,000 per test” for patients who may have COVID-19.
T The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has authorized the use of two tests, one from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and one from the New York State Department of Public Health. Neither agency is currently charging patients for the test.
T Jennifer Kates, the director of global health and HIV policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation, said in a phone interview, “there could be other costs incurred.” Visits to the doctor’s office and the emergency room can cost patients money, she said, noting that some high-deductible insurance plans could effectively charge patients who go to the ER $1,000 or more.
F The novel coronavirus isn’t actually new, alleging it is proof of “how much the media controls people.”
F Just in case you are wondering how much the media controls people, America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years,” the posts read, “yet the news tells you it’s new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask…
F The vaccine used to protect cattle from the bovine coronavirus would be effective in vaccinating against the novel coronavirus.
F Federal agents arrested Harvard professor Charles Lieber for creating the coronavirus.
F Charles Lieber and two Chinese students get arrested for creating the coronavirus.
F In case you missed it, yesterday, Federal Agents arrested Dr. Charles Lieber, chair of Harvard University’s Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, with lying to the Department of Defense about secret monthly payments of $50,000.00 paid by China and receipt of millions more to help set up a chemical/biological “Research” laboratory in China. Also arrested were two Chinese “Students” working as research assistants, one of whom was actually a lieutenant in the Chinese Army, the other captured at Logan Airport as he tried to catch a flight to China – smuggling 21 vials of “Sensitive Biological Samples” according to the FBI. Oh, almost forgot.  The research lab the good professor had helped set up? It’s located at the Wuhan University of Technology.  Wuhan China is ground zero to the potentially global pandemic known as the “Coronavirus”which is both spreading rapidly and killing people.
U The new coronavirus would “go away” in April, as temperatures warm.
U If the new coronavirus is similar to influenza and some other viruses, it could dissipate once temperatures rise and humidity increases.
F Vitamin C can stop the new coronavirus.
F Consuming garlic will treat the coronavirus.
F The coronavirus pandemic can be dramatically slowed, or stopped completely, with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.
F Eating boiled garlic can cure the new coronavirus.
F Drinking chlorine dioxide can cure the new coronavirus.
F Drinking an industrial bleach can cure the coronavirus.
F Good news, Wuhan’s corona virus can be cured by one bowl of freshly boiled garlic water. Old Chinese doctor has proven it’s efficacy.  Many patients has also proven this to be effective. Eight (8) cloves of chopped garlics add seven (7)cups of water and bring to boil.,  Eat and drink the boiled garlic water, overnight improvement and healing. Glad to share this.
F The new coronavirus contains HIV insertions and shows signs of being created in a lab. So it was bioengineered.
F The coronavirus was man-made, rather than the natural result of people coming into contact with wild animals.
F The new coronavirus, also known as 2019 novel coronavirus, or 2019-nCoV, and HIV, largely based on an unpublished manuscript by scientists in India.
F Very short insertions in the coronavirus protein sequence had an uncanny similarity to HIV, so we can conclude they derive from HIV.
F The coronavirus has been genetically engineered for the purposes of a weapon.
F The new virus could have leaked from a Chinese lab working on a vaccine.
F Ask yourself why they have been treating with HIV drugs from the start. The virus even responds to treatment by HIV medications. It must derive from HIV.
F Chinese scientists were removed from a Canadian lab for shipping pathogens to Wuhan.
F Lysol and Clorox were aware of the coronavirus before it emerged.
T People can be found to be infected, but clear of any symptoms.
F The coronavirus was created by a Chinese spy team.
F The virus has been patented and a vaccine is already available.
F Comedian Sam Hyde was responsible for the spread of the new coronavirus.
F Authorities have identified that the international chemical-warfare terrorist Samuel Whitcomb Hyde is behind the deadly China coronavirus.
F There are “thousands” or “10,000” dead as a result of the Wuhan coronavirus. As of early Jan. 27, the estimated death toll is 81 — all of them in China.
F I just received a call from a close American friend of mine who just got off the phone with a Chinese friend, who has relatives in Wuhan. He says there may already be 10,000 dead there from the virus.
F A Chinese spy team working in a Canadian government lab sent pathogens to the Wuhan facility prior to the coronavirus outbreak in China.
F GATES FOUNDATION & OTHERS PREDICTED UP TO 65 MILLION DEATHS from the coronavirus now spreading.
F Because Clorox and Lysol products list “Human Coronavirus” on their bottles, the new coronavirus driving the outbreak in China was already known.
F A husband and wife Chinese spy team were recently removed from a Level 4 Infectious Disease facility in Canada for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility. The husband specialized in coronavirus research.
F There is connection between the outbreak of coronavirus in China and any RCMP investigation.
F Canadian lab's shipment of Ebola, Henipah viruses to China.
F BILL AND MELINDA GATES FOUNDATION & OTHERS PREDICTED UP TO 65 MILLION DEATHS VIA CORONAVIRUS — IN SIMULATION RAN 3 MONTHS AGO!
F The label of the popular Lysol already show that the product Kill the Coronavirus, so that means that this Virus is nothing new.
F There a patent for the coronavirus from 2015.
F A patent expire on January 22, 2020 for the new coronavirus, and it proves the virus was invented. There’s magically already a vaccine available.
F So let me get this straight about this virus. It’s “new” yet it was lab created and patented in 2015 (in development since 03). The patent expired (today) on the day the first case is announced in the US. The patent also tells us the CDC helped make this! “This invention was made by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an agency of the United States Government. Therefore, the U.S. Government has certain rights in this invention.” And now magically a vaccine is in the works for it already? Yet the patent in 2015 already references a vaccine for it. But what do I know I’m just a conspiracy theorist.
F Sen. Bernie Sanders at a recent debate called for a tax rate of 52% on incomes of $29,000 or more to pay for his Medicare for All plan.
F A miracle mineral supplement, called MMS, can wipe out coronavirus.
F Not only is chlorine dioxide (aka MMS) an effective cancer cell killer, it can wipe out coronavirus too.
F Colloidal silver kills some strains of coronavirus within 12 hours (while admitting it hadn't yet been tested on Covid-19).
F Drinking hot water and exposure to the sun will kill the virus, and says ice cream is to be avoided.
F Avoiding ice cream and other cold foods can help prevent the onset of the virus.
T Washing bed linen or towels at 60C is a good idea, as this can kill any viruses in the fabric.
F Having a hot bath or drinking hot liquids will change your actual body temperature and help you cure the coronavirus.
U It's dangerous to take ibuprofen if you have coronavirus.
U Medical professionals said that ibuprofen is not recommended for managing coronavirus symptoms.
F There are four young people in an intensive care unit in Cork who have no underlying illnesses - all were taking anti-inflammatories and there are concerns this has caused a more severe illness.
F The University of Vienna has sent a memo warning people with coronavirus symptoms not to take ibuprofen, "because it has been discovered that it increases the speed of reproduction of the coronavirus Covid-19 in the body and this is the reason why people in Italy have reached the current bad stage and rapid spread.
F At the university hospital in Toulouse, France, there are four very critical cases of coronavirus in [young people] who do not have any health problems. Their problem is that when they all appeared to have symptoms, they all took painkillers like ibuprofen.
F I have a doctor in the family who has been given information from Vienna's laboratory studying COVID-19 and vast majority of people who died of it, had ibuprofen in their system so do not take it! Those who recovered did not take ibuprofen so if you have symptoms, take Paracetamol only! Looks like this virus thrives on ibuprofen so don't do it and tell everyone you can!
F The vast majority of people who died of Covid-19 had ibuprofen in their system!
F Coronavirus thrives on ibuprofen.
F #BREAKING #ITALY The Italien Army has deployed a lot of tanks in the city of #Foggia as around 50 prisioners escaped from local jail.
F Vaccine was reportedly distributed to shops and homes in one particular area of the Venice region.
F The vaccine was created in Australia to combat Covid-19, and the only country in the world to have bought it is Switzerland.
F Taking six doses of the vaccine would give protection from the virus for a year, and was available for 50 euros via an email address given in the leaflet.
F A researcher from Zanjan University in China said you should take as much vitamin C as possible to protect yourself from the virus.
F A Professor Chen Horin CEO of the Beijing Military Hospital said that a hot drink with lemon can curb the spread of the virus.
F You should gargle with disinfectant to stop the virus entering the lungs.
T Women seem to be less likely to die from coronavirus than men, and children appear to be less likely to die than other age groups.
U Pregnant women are more likely to be severely affected by the coronavirus.
F Entrepreneur Elon Musk suggested children are "essentially immune" to coronavirus.
T Twitter will remove content that promotes unverified claims and misinformation about coronavirus.
F A letter attributed to Health Minister of Iran Saeed Namaki claimed he had tendered his resignation to President Hassan Rouhani due to the ministry's "inability to manage" the outbreak.
F Deputy health minister and head of Iran's taskforce on Covid-19, Iraj Harirchi, had previously declared that "quarantines belong to the Stone Age", before admitting that he had tested positive for the disease.
F Masoumeh Ebtekar, vice-president of Iran for women and family affairs, is another high-ranking official who tested positive for the virus.
F Iraj Harirchi claims there are more than 10,000 confirmed cases and 1,400 deaths in the country.
F Gargling vinegar and rosewater or vinegar and salt" would protect against the Covid-19.
F Drinks containing mint or white willow, and spices like saffron, turmeric, and cinnamon would strengthen the lungs and the immune system against the virus.
F A product made from herbs based on traditional medicine would help with the prevention of a number of viral diseases.
F The coronavirus was part of a "hybrid warfare" programme waged by the US on China and Iran.
F The coronavirus is an example of "biological warfare".
F The Covid-19 is a bioweapon and planned.
T Facebook's chief says the social network is removing false claims and ads for fake cures.
T Amazon culls one million fake coronavirus products. The retail giant is removing fake cures and tackling unreasonable price hikes amid public concern.
T Amazon has banned more than one million products which claim to protect against the coronavirus - or even cure it.
F The new coronavirus is an attempt to wage "economic war on China".
F You should avoid spicy food and load up on vitamin C" in order to prevent the disease.
F Avoiding cold or preserved food and drinks, such as ice cream and milkshakes, for "at least 90 days" in order to prevent the coronavirus.
F A video of a parasite being removed from a person's lips, suggesting the procedure was somehow related to the new coronavirus.
T WHO suggests only avoiding consuming "raw or undercooked animal products".
F A 2015 patent filed by the Pirbright Institute in Surrey, England talks about developing a weakened version of coronavirus for potential use as a vaccine to prevent or treat respiratory diseases.
F The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is a donor to both Pirbright and vaccine development to suggest that the current outbreak virus has somehow been deliberately manufactured to attract funding for the development of a vaccine.
F The coronavirus started in a secret lab.
F Virologist Dr Xiangguo Qiu and her husband were a spy team, had sent pathogens to the Wuhan facility, and that her husband specialised in coronavirus research.
U A "whistleblower" video, alleged to have been taken by a "doctor" or a "nurse" in Hubei province claims the virus has a "second mutation", which can infect up to 14 people.
F Tests run by the university’s laboratory had found “strong evidence that ibuprofen accelerates the multiplication of the virus.
F A woman in Vienna claims the hospital she worked in had triggered “the maximum pandemic plan.” She warned people of a complete lockdown of the country and urged them to stock up on food.
F A man in Poland who claimed he had a journalist friend with close ties to political decision-makers, said that as of last Sunday, the president would introduce an “emergency state” and that people wouldn’t be able to leave their houses for three weeks.
F In France, a woman said that she has “a very very very well placed uncle” with ties to national ministers from whom she got information that the whole country would soon be in full quarantine.
F In Portugal, a man said: “Forget the numbers the television is talking about. Information on the number of infected people in the country was downplayed by official sources. There are thousands of infected in Portugal, confirmed.”
F Sophie Grégoire Trudeau, wife of Canadian PM Justin Trudeau contracted COVID-19 speaking from a hospital bed about "not taking chances". "If anyone still smokes put the cigarettes down because I'm telling you now you need your lungs," the woman says. "And please, none of you take any chances, I mean it. Because of it gets really bad then you're gonna end up here."
F Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said in Twitter, "we have lost control. We have killed the epidemic physically and mentally. Can't understand what more we can do, all solutions are exhausted on ground. Our only hope remains up in the sky, God rescue your people."
F In March, Jair Bolsonaro said he tested positive for the novel coronavirus.
F Italian leaders have give up on Coronavirus and the subsequent death toll.
F The 14 hour-long self imposed curfew will break the chain of transmission as the lifespan of the novel Coronavirus is 12 hours.
F If you have a runny nose and sputum, you have a common cold, not Covid-19.
F Coronavirus pneumonia is a dry cough with no runny nose.
F You should also gargle as a prevention. A simple solution of salt in warm water will suffice.”
F The NHS has warned people should not shake hands to prevent the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus.
F Wuhan, China, the centre of the new coronavirus outbreak, was where 5G was first rolled out. It suggests that 5G has damaged peoples’ immune systems and so boosted the virulence of the common cold.
F People dressed in military fatigues walking through Clapham Junction claims to be proof that the government is locking down the area or London more widely because of the new coronavirus.
F Soldiers in Clapham today, make sure you get food you need to last you as it looks like a lockdown will be happening tomorrow #covid19UK
F London shutdown on last Friday. Troops spotted in Clapham..
F Clapham junction now. They locking us down by Stealth. Putting all the pieces in place then it lock down. Tanks on the motor way last night under the cover of darkness.
F Staying hydrated can help you prevent Covid-19.
F Royal Mail has instructed staff to step away from customers when making deliveries, and if necessary to sign for items on their behalf.
F UK is testing more people for Covid-19 than any country other than China and Italy.
T As at 13 March, the latest data available when this claim was made, the UK ranked fifth (behind China, South Korea, Italy and Russia) for the number of Covid-19 tests carried out.
F There are four young people with no underlying illnesses in an intensive care unit in Cork due to Covid-19, who had all been taking anti-inflammatory drugs.
F The French health minister warned people with the new coronavirus against taking ibuprofen.
U Dr Charlotte Warren-Gash, associate professor of epidemiology at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said that NSAIDs like ibuprofen “should be prescribed with caution for people who have underlying health conditions”.
U Dr Rupert Beale, group leader in cell biology of infection at The Francis Crick Institute, said: “There is good reason to avoid ibuprofen as it may exacerbate acute kidney injury brought on by any severe illness, including severe Covid-19 disease.
F Drinking and gargling water everyday will cure the new coronavirus.
F The WHO has said that regularly rinsing your nose with saline is likely to prevent infection with the new coronavirus.
F The World Health Organisation (WHO) have advised people to use contactless payments instead of cash to reduce the risk of Covid-19 transmission.
T The WHO advises the public to wash their hands after handling money, especially if handling or eating food.
F Banknotes may be spreading the new coronavirus so people should try to use contactless payments instead, the World Health Organization has said.
F World Health Organization has advised public against using paper money.
F Dettol antiseptic spray says it kills coronavirus.
F A book published in 1981 said that in 2020 a severe pneumonia-like illness would spread across the world, and calling it “Wuhan-400”.
F Children can’t get the new coronavirus.
F Children are immune to the new coronavirus.
F Scientists knew about the new coronavirus long ago and called it “Disease X”.
F It has emerged that scientists warned about a new deadly virus long ago.
F Coronavirus may have been genetically engineered for “efficient spreading in the human population,” a bombshell new study has claimed.
F Coronaviruses can live on surfaces for up to 28 days, so you should be careful if you receive a package from China.
F The new coronavirus is 400-500 micro and for this reason wide enough to be stopped by masks.
T The virus is 50-200 nanometres wide, and a mask, although sometimes necessary, won’t guarantee that you don’t get Covid-19.
U Coronavirus lives on the hands for 10 minutes, so putting an alcohol sterililzer in the pocket meets the purpose of prevention.
F Gargle with warm and salt water kills the tonsils germs and prevents them from leaking into the lungs.
F If the virus is exposed to a temperature of 26-27ºC. It will be killed, as it does not live in hot regions. Also drinking hot water and sun exposure will do the trick and staying away from ice cream and cold food is advised.
F To test for the new coronavirus, take a deep breath and hold for more than 10 seconds. If you complete it successfully without coughing, discomfort, stuffiness or tightness it proves there is no fibrosis in the lungs, basically indicating no infection.
F People who suspect they have Covid-19 to hold their breath to check for lung fibrosis and drink water regularly to ensure that any virus caught orally will be washed into the stomach and killed.
F Everyone should make sure the mouth and throat are always moist. Drink some water every 15 minutes. Why not? Even if the virus gets into your mouth, drinking water or other fluids will help wash it down the esophagus into the stomach. When the virus is in the stomach. The hydrochloric acid in your stomach will kill the germs. If you do not drink enough water regularly, the virus can enter the airways and into your lungs, which is very dangerous to get.
F The NHS pays £4 billion annually in rent to private investors because of deals under Labour.
F The coronavirus pandemic began because of meat consumption.
F President Donald Trump “will evoke (sic) what is called the Stafford act” and “order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation.”
T Wisconsin is the only state where all Republicans voted against protecting its citizens.
T No city in the state can quarantine itself without state approval.
F Man visited Albany, N.Y. days before dying from coronavirus.
U For coronavirus cases “in the U.S. 38% of those hospitalized are under 35.”
T The CDC reported that between mid-February and mid-March, 20% of the hospitalizations for coronavirus were for patients age 20-44 and 18% were age 45-54.
F The federal government is “preparing to mobilize the national guard,” “dispatch them across the US with military” and “announce a nationwide 1 week quarantine for all citizens.”
F Sunlight actually can kill the novel coronavirus.
T Experts say the sun's UV light isn't intense enough to rely on as a disinfectant of the coronavirus.
T 2019 coronavirus can live for "up to 3 hours in the air, up to 4 hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard up to 3 days on plastic and stainless steel.”
T Health officials advise people to wash their hands regularly, avoid touching their faces and disinfect their homes daily to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
F People are going door to door in Colorado Springs stating they are COVID testing so they can rob people!!!!
F There is no coronavirus.
U Over a 45-minute period that we had the press conference” on the coronavirus on March 13, 2020, the stock market set "an all-time record.
F Coronavirus is just “the damn flu.”
F The coronavirus is "an orchestrated attempt to destroy capitalism.
F President Donald Trump said, “People are dying who have never died before.”
F George Soros owns the WuXi PHARMA LAB located in Wuhan, China where COVID-19 was developed and conveniently Broke Out.
T Research shows the genetic makeup of COVID-19 precludes it from being man-made.
F The New York Times exposed the real reason behind coronavirus hype: Crash the market to harm Trump’s re-election chances.
U President Trump, COVID-19 coronavirus: U.S. cases 1,329; U.S. deaths, 38; panic level: mass hysteria. President Obama, H1N1 virus: U.S. cases, 60.8 million; U.S. deaths, 12,469; panic level: totally chill. Do you all see how the media can manipulate your life.
F Italy has decided not to treat their elderly for this virus. That, my friends, is socialized healthcare," the post claimed.
U Italy’s overwhelmed hospitals are treating elderly COVID-19 patients as a lower priority.
F All US citizens are entitled to $700 USD per week to stay at home to avoid the spread of COVID-19 novel coronavirus, starting from March 17.
F Anthony Fauci’s statement that the coronavirus death rate is 10 times that of the seasonal flu is “a claim without any scientific basis."
F COVID-19 started because we eat animals.
F COVID-19 would not exist if the world was vegan.
F Sean Hannity stated on March 16, 2020 in a TV segment: “Now, as it stands, our health care system has adequate ventilators, ICU beds, medical professionals.”
F Because the Federal Reserve recently cut interest rates to near 0%, “the Fed will be of little consequence now. They’ve already used what leverage they have.”
F MSNBC actually said on air ‘I hope enough people die from coronavirus that it harms Trump’s re-election.
F Trump’s Katrina: MSNBC hopes Americans die from coronavirus to hurt president.
T Kelly Alexander says "most" NC legislators are in the "high risk age group" for coronavirus.
F The WHO coronavirus test “was a bad test.”
F In South Florida “all children and adults must remain in their homes” due to coronavirus.
F "At this time the coronavirus has now spread it throughout the West Palm Beach Dade County Broward County area," states the March 13 Facebook post. "All children and adults must remain in their homes we repeat this is a 24-hour shutdown city service announcement."
F President Donald Trump “will evoke (sic) what is called the Stafford act” and “order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation.”
F President Donald Trump will soon lock down the entire country to prevent the spread of COVID-19, which had infected 4,226 people in the United States as of March 17.
F Donald Trump cut funding to the CDC, fired the Pandemic Response Team, refused WHO tests and wasted two weeks calling this outbreak a “Democrat hoax”.
F Donald Trump is “announcing tomorrow that the US is going into quarantine for the next 14 days.”
T Spectrum will provide free internet to students during coronavirus school closures.
F Silver Solution used on strains of coronavirus "totally eliminate it. Kills it. Deactivates it.”
F A silver solution will cure the coronavirus.
F Drinking teas can prevent the coronavirus.
F Using essential oils can help cure the coronavirus.
F Tinctures can kill the coronavirus.
T Gaetz and Cruz both placed themselves in self-quarantine after coming in contact with a person who tested positive for the coronavirus at a conservative political conference.
T As a Florida state representative, Gaetz voted for a 2013 bill to ban cities from requiring employers to offer paid sick leave.
T Cruz voted against an amendment in the U.S. Senate in 2015 that would have provided seven days’ paid sick leave.
F Trump administration rejected WHO coronavirus test kits.
F The World Health Organization offered the testing kits that they have available and to give it to us now. We (Trump administration) refused them. We did not want to buy them.
T The WHO never offered to sell test kits to the United States.
T The CDC in U.S. opted to develop its own coronavirus test and did not use the WHO’s protocol for the test.
F The Clintons are responsible for more deaths than the coronavirus. Coronavirus — 22. Clintons — 39.
F COVID-19 came to the United States in 2019.
F Americans were infected with COVID-19 in the fall.
F I remember my family and a lot of you being sick for 2-4 weeks with unknown strain of flu with the same symptoms as covid-19. Now that a team of doctors have been able to identify/diagnose what it is and name it suddenly it’s a big deal. NEWS FLASH!!!! Half of you idiots already had it and got over it!!
F U.S. authorities only just started testing for it, and even now testing is severely limited, so in all likelihood, many have had or do have it, and it’s gotten passed off as just a typical cold — because (AHEM, NEWSFLASH) it IS just a bad cold for the vast majority of people who get it. The normal cold and flus that we’ve already been dealing with kill thousands every season — it just doesn’t get talked about because it’s nothing new and the media can’t use it to panic us at this point.
F The CDC can detain anyone with a fever — indefinitely. … Vaccination (is) a way people could get out of detention.
T The CDC does have the power to isolate people with certain infectious diseases and quarantine those who had contact with an infected person.
T Most quarantine decisions are up to states and localities, rather than the CDC.
F The Simpsons' predicted Tom Hanks getting coronavirus in 2007.
F The Simpsons predicted the coronavirus.
F Nancy Pelosi was “caught trying to include abortion funding in bill to combat coronavirus.”
F President Donald Trump said COVID-19 is Democrats’ “new hoax.”
T Some states are only getting 50 tests per day, and the Utah Jazz got 58.
T After Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert tested positive for the novel coronavirus, the state of Oklahoma administered tests to 58 people in a matter of hours.
U 80% of novel coronavirus cases are "mild."
T Reports from the World Health Organization and the U.S. CDC found that mild cases account for 75-to-80% of all cases.
F You can monitor yourself for COVID-19 with a breath test.
T Holding your breath for 10 seconds isn’t a way to test that you don’t have COVID-19.
T The only way to test for COVID-19 right now is via laboratory testing.
F U.S. hospitals are preparing for 96 million coronavirus infections and nearly half a million deaths, leaked documents reveal.
F American hospitals are covertly preparing for an outbreak of big magnitude.
F Now it’s actually the safest time to fly.
T Older Americans and those with chronic conditions are advised to reconsider all travel plans to avoid COVID-19.
F Blood donors automatically get a coronavirus test.
F If you don’t have insurance and can’t afford to take the $3,200 test for the virus ($1,000 with insurance), DONATE BLOOD. They HAVE to test you for the virus in order to donate blood. Tell your friends! Tell your family!!!!!
F "Akira" is a 1988 movie about an apocalyptic event taking place months before Tokyo 2020 Olympics, showing the (World Health Organization) advising Japan to postpone the Olympics because of a pandemic risk.
F (Barack Obama) set up anti-pandemic programs in 47 vulnerable countries as a way to protect against something like the coronavirus, exactly. Do you know that Trump closed 37 of them?
F Tom Hanks has a volleyball to keep him company while he’s quarantined.
T Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson tested positive for COVID-19 in Australia, where Hanks is shooting a movie.
F The health insurance industry in U.S. has “agreed to waive all co-payments for coronavirus treatments.”
T Health insurance companies said they will waive costs for coronavirus tests, not treatment.
F NYC man drops dead in middle of street — suspected coronavirus!
T Whole of Italy goes into quarantine.
T In Italy, people must stay home except for work or emergencies.
T Italian prime minister has announced that the entire country goes into quarantine, as part of emergency measures aimed at halting the spread of the coronavirus.
T The Itali government’s extraordinary measures, announced at Palazzo Chigi late on 9 March, comes amid a worsening of the coronavirus outbreak. The new stringent measures, covering the entire country, and would take effect tomorrow morning.
U 40%-70% of adults could catch coronavirus in the coming year.
U Spreading so fast that it will infect 70% of humanity this year.
F Anybody in U.S. that wants a test (for the coronavirus) can get a test.
F (March 11, 2020) The coronavirus has officially reached Milwaukee County.
F "Being exposed to the sun for several hours" kills the 2019 coronavirus.
F Daniel Radcliffe has the coronavirus.
F More people have died from knowing Hillary than coronavirus.
U “You’re more likely to die of influenza right now” than the 2019 coronavirus.
F Nancy Pelosi delayed coronavirus funding so “Dems could campaign on it.”
F Coronavirus patients are being "cremated alive" in China.
F A woman who was purportedly hospitalized for the coronavirus saying she saw Chinese officials put a man who was still breathing in several plastic bags and take him away.
F Florida hospital reports a coronavirus ‘infestation’ with multiple confirmed patients.
F President Trump has come into contact with a potential coronavirus sufferer!
F Trump shakes hands with CPAC Chairman — President Trump has come into contact with a potential coronavirus sufferer!
F The coronavirus was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.
F People Of Color May Be Immune To The Coronavirus Because Of Melanin.
F Melanin can protect against coronavirus.
F The coronavirus is simply the common cold.
F Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome.
F The coronavirus discovered in Wuhan, China, was staged to cover-up the public health crisis caused by the intensive 5G roll-out in Wuhan in 2019.
U Mike Pence stated on March 4, 2020 in in a press briefing: “With regard to the cost, let me be very clear: HHS has designated the coronavirus test as an essential health benefit. That means, by definition, it's covered in the private health insurance of every American, as well as covered by Medicare and Medicaid."
F Donald Trump tweeted, “Corona vaccine from Israel! Stock market up! Economy even stronger now! Besides US, Israel best at inventions: Judaism, olives. Wonderful vaccine, will stop Corona DEAD around world. Can’t make vaccines when being bombed, not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!”
F Donald Trump stated on March 4, 2020 in a meeting at the White House: “The Obama administration made a decision on testing that turned out to be very detrimental to what we’re doing” on the coronavirus.
F The media pulled down an entire shelf of goods so that they can present the news of people buying stuff in a hysteria over the coronavirus.
F MSM in my town, pulled down an entire shelf of goods so that they can present the news of people buying stuff in a hysteria over the coronavirus.
F Starting in March if you travel outside of the United States you won’t be allowed back in the country “due to high risk of the coronavirus.”
F STARTING NEXT WEEK MARCH 3/2020!!!!!! IF YOU LEAVE ANYWHERE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA YOU WILL NOT BE ALLOWED BACK INTO THE UNITED STATES DUE TO HIGH RISK OF THE Coronavirus so if anyone is planning a big trip or cruise please be aware!!!!!!
F There is a coronavirus-related travel page that provides guidance for international travelers.
F The State of Florida has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus starting on March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th.
F The State of Florida has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus starting on March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th. Offices will resume after 2 weeks of the mandatory closure. A list of all schools and businesses in your area are shown on the list.
F The Vatican reports that Pope Francis tested negative for the coronavirus before a second test came back positive.
F An Italian newspaper as saying that the 83-year-old Catholic leader first tested negative for the virus before a second test came back positive.
F Pope Francis has tested positive for coronavirus after he fell ill in Italy and was forced to cancel a religious retreat near Rome … The first results for Covid-19 came back negative, and second came positive, according to Italian newspaper Il Messaggero this morning.
F Lindsey Graham said that President Trump probably knows more about medicine and specifically viruses than any of the so-called scientists at the NIH and CDC.
F CAPITOL HILL: @LindseyGrahamSC says @realDonaldTrump "probably knows more about medicine and specifically viruses than any of the so-called scientists at the NIH and CDC. If anyone is going to eradicate this plague it'll be the president.
T The United States is actually screening fewer people (for the coronavirus than other countries) because we don't have appropriate testing.
F The blood test for coronavirus costs $3,200.
T Coronavirus testing is free, but there could be other costs.
F Trump’s White House already said I won’t be able to afford the vaccine. If I can’t afford the test and I can’t afford the treatment, am I just supposed to die. This is exactly why I support healthcare as a human right.
F Novel coronavirus test for Miami man leads to $3,275 bill.
F Two patients at Valley Regional Medical Center in Brownsville, Texas, are being looked at for possible coronavirus infections.
F (March 2) Coronavirus may be in Brownsville, Texas.
F No one has died from the coronavirus in the United States.
F President Donald Trump spawned the “Wuhan super virus outbreak under code name ‘zyphr.’”
F Trump created the coronavirus.
F BREAKING: TRUMP SPAWNED WUHAN SUPER VIRUS OUTBREAK UNDER CODE NAME ‘ZYPHR’ ACCORDING TO DOCUMENTS.
F (March 1) Shands Hospital of Gainesville Florida has confirmed its first case of coronavirus.
F (February 28) The coronavirus has made it to Mississippi and the lady that caught it wasn’t around nobody with it which means it is airborne. That means if the wind blows it your direction you’ll have it also.
F A photo shows a man wearing a “government issue Saint Laurent hazardous materials suit.
F "Doctor’s Hospital of Sarasota has been notified by the National Center for DIsease Control & Public Health, Georgia (NCDC & PH) that they have a patient that has tested positive for COVID-19 (Coronavirus)," reads the March 1 post published by an account called Sarasota County. "Doctor’s Hospital takes the safety of their employees and caregivers very seriously and has placed the infected in isolation until they can repair the furnace in the morgue that will be used for treatment. Pictured below is our newest intern, Carlos, wearing our government issued Saint Laurent hazardous materials suit which can be purchased directly from their website or on sale from Alibaba.com with discount code ‘SRQ69’ while supplies last."
F In ‘Resident Evil’ the Umbrella Corporation releases a virus that infects the people of Raccoon City. A biological research lab with the exact same logo as the Umbrella Corporation can be found in the city where the coronavirus outbreak originated.
F Sanitizer will do nothing for the coronavirus.
F America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it’s new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.
F The vaccine for cattle will help humans, and protect against this new form of coronavirus.
F Poll Finds 38% of Americans Say They Will Not Drink Corona Beer Because of Virus.
F The mortality rate for the flu is “right around” that of the new coronavirus: “It’s right around 2%.”
F Hair weave and lace fronts manufactured in China may contain the coronavirus. It may be time to show us what your scalp and edges really look like, ladies!
F Hair extensions are a source of the 2019 coronavirus.
T Charlie Kirk stated on February 24, 2020 in a tweet: “Three Chinese nationals were apprehended trying to cross our Southern border illegally. Each had flu-like symptoms. Border Patrol quickly quarantined them and assessed any threat of coronavirus.”
F Corona virus: Florida man arrested for robbery using cough as a weapon.
U President Donald Trump’s actions on the coronavirus: “No. 1, he fired the pandemic team two years ago. No. 2, he's been defunding the Centers for Disease Control.”
F The CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against coronavirus.
F The coronavirus is the common cold, folks.
F If you have the Flu… get these two items… Sambucol (and) Oscillococcinum… in 48 hours you will feel better. In 72 hours you will be almost symptom-free.
F Homeopathic supplements have proven to treat the flu.
F Homeopathic supplements can rid you of flu symptoms after only three days.
F High levels of sulfur dioxide in Wuhan “may be a sign of mass cremations of victims of the coronavirus."
F China air quality projections used to promote coronavirus cremation hoax.
F Sulfur dioxide is a gas that is released when organic matter, such as human bodies, are burned. This alarmingly high level of the gas may be a sign of mass cremations of victims of the coronavirus.
T The Chinese government has ordered for the swift cremation of patients who die after contracting the coronavirus.
F 20 million Chinese converted to Islam after it’s proven that the coronavirus doesn’t affect Muslims.
F Muslims are proved not to get coronavirus.
F MashaaAllah hundreds converted to Islam in Philippines after it’s proven that the coronavirus doesn’t affect Muslims.
F Breaking: UK Prepares For Full Lockdown After Hundreds Of New Cases — Wuhan Super Virus Updates.
F Scientists are shocked to discover that weed kills corona virus.
F Marijuana can treat 2019 novel coronavirus.
F Smoking are recommended as coronavirus remedies.
F Smoking can help prevent the coronavirus.
F When using a medical mask you’re supposed to use… white side out (this is the filter part) for when you’re not sick.
T Global health agencies and medical mask producers agree that the colored side of the mask should always be worn on the outside.
F You should wear the colored side of the mask on the outside when you are sick and the white side on the outside when you are healthy.
F The 2019 coronavirus causes sudden death syndrome.
F The coronavirus is a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.
F The world is now facing a massive wipe-out of humanity. The proof that this virus is a genetically-modified Bat-SARS-Like Virus, manipulated by the Chinese Army, appears below. The evidence is irrefutable.
F The virus somehow escaped from the Wuhan lab, which deals with some of the world’s most dangerous pathogens, such as Ebola and the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus.
F Cocaine kills corona virus, scientists is shocked to discover that this drug can fight the virus.
F The coronavirus isn’t new because “Lysol has it listed as one of the viruses that it kills.
F Event 201 “gave out stuffed souvenir coronavirus toys” to “commemorate” Novel coronavirus outbreak.
F The Chinese Communist Party will finally admit that the real source of the coronavirus is from a lab in Wuhan linked to its covert biological weapon programs.
F A reliable source told Miles Guo today that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) will admit to the public of an accidental leak of lab-created virus from a P4 lab in Wuhan to put blames on human errors. But the official announcement is still being finalized.
F (January 24) CORONAVIRUS: Reports of 10,000 DEAD in Wuhan, China. The coronavirus outbreak roughly 100 times more deadly than authorities and the news media are letting on.
F China stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon.
F Last year a mysterious shipment was caught smuggling Coronavirus from Canada. It was traced to Chinese agents working at a Canadian lab. Subsequent investigation by GreatGameIndia linked the agents to Chinese Biological Warfare Program from where the virus is suspected to have leaked causing the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak.
F So.. patent on this ‘new’ Corona virus expired on the 22nd, today.. We have a sudden outbreak. There's magically already a vaccine available.. And NOW fear mongering spread by the media about quarantine.